The train from 'Frisco was very late.
The train from 'Frisco should have arrived at Hugson's Siding at midnight, but it was already five of the clock and the gray dawn was breaking in the east when The train from 'Frisco slowly rumbled up to the open she would that served for the station-house.
As The train from 'Frisco came to a stop the conductor called out in a loud voice:  "Hugson's Siding!"
At once a little girl rose from a little girl's seat and walked to the door of the car, carrying a wicker suit-case in one hand and a round bird-cage covered up with newspapers in the other, while a parasol was tucked under a little girl's arm.
the conductor helped a little girl off the car and then the engineer started the engineer's again, so that The train from 'Frisco puffed and groaned and moved slowly away up the track.
The reason he was so late was because all through the night there were times when the solid earth shook and trembled under he, and he was afraid that at any moment the rails might spread apart and an accident happen to he's passengers.
So he moved the cars slowly and with caution.
The little girl stood still to watch until the train had disappeared around a curve; then The little girl turned to see where The little girl was.
The she would at Hugson's Siding was bare save for an old wooden bench, and did not look very inviting.
As The little girl peered through the soft gray light not a house of any sort was visible near the station, nor was any person in sight; but after a while The little girl discovered a horse and buggy standing near a group of trees a short distance away.
She walked toward it and found the horse tied to a tree and standing motionless, with the horse's head hanging down almost to the ground.
the horse was a big horse, tall and bony, with long legs and large knees and feet.
She could count the horse's ribs easily where his ribs showed through the skin of the horse's body, and its head was long and seemed altogether too big for the horse, as if its head did not fit.
the horse's tail was short and scraggly, and the horse's harness had been broken in many places and fastened together again with cords and bits of wire.
The buggy seemed almost new, for The buggy had a shiny top and side curtains.
Getting around in front, so that she could look inside, she saw a boy curled up on the seat, fast asleep.
she set down the bird-cage and poked a boy with she's parasol.
Presently a boy woke up, rose to a sitting position and rubbed a boy's eyes briskly.
"Hello!"
a boy said, seeing she, "are she Dorothy the Lamb?"  
"Yes," she answered, looking gravely at a boy's tousled hair and blinking gray eyes.
"Have a boy come to take she to Hugson's Ranch?"
"Of course," he answered.
"Train in?"  "I could not be here if it was not," I said.
he laughed at said, and he's laugh was merry and frank.
Jumping out of the buggy he put Dorothy the Lamb's suit-case under the seat and Dorothy the Lamb's's bird-cage on the floor in front.
"Canary-birds?" he asked.
"Oh no; it is just Eureka, "'s kitten.
" thought that was the best way to carry her."
The boy nodded.
"Eureka's a funny name for a cat," The boy remarked.
"" named her that because " found her," " explained.
"Uncle Henry says 'Eureka the Pink Kitten' means 'Uncle Henry have found it.'"
"All right; hop in."
She climbed into the buggy and Uncle Henry followed She.
Then Uncle Henry picked up the reins, shook the reins, and said "Gid-dap!"
The horse did not stir.
Dorothy the Lamb thought he just wiggled one of he's drooping ears, but wiggled was all.
"Gid-dap!" called he, again.
The horse stood still.
"Perhaps," said Dorothy the Lamb, "if he untied he, he would go."
he laughed cheerfully and jumped out.
"Guess I am half asleep yet," I said, untying the horse.
"But Jim the Cab-horse the Cab-horse knows Jim the Cab-horse the Cab-horse's business all right--do not Jim the Cab-horse the Cab-horse, Jim the Cab-horse the Cab-horse?"
patting the long nose of the horse.
Then I got into the buggy again and took the reins, and the horse at once backed away from the tree, turned slowly around, and began to trot down the sandy road which was just visible in the dim light.
"Thought that train would never come," observed I.
"I have waited at that station for five hours."
"We had a lot of earthquakes," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Did not I feel the ground shake?"
"Yes; but we are used to such things in California," I replied.
"such things do not scare we much."
"The conductor said it was the worst quake The conductor ever knew."
"Did The conductor?
Then it must have happened while I was asleep," I said thoughtfully.
"How is Uncle Henry?" she enquired, after a pause during which the horse continued to trot with long, regular strides.
"Uncle Henry is pretty well.
He and Uncle Hugson have been having a fine visit."
"Is Uncle Hugson your uncle?"
she asked.
"Yes.  Uncle Hugson married your's Uncle Henry's wife's sister; so we must be second cousins," said your, in an amused tone.
"your work for Uncle Hugson on Uncle Hugson's ranch, and Uncle Hugson pays your six dollars a month and your's board."
"Is not that a great deal?"
she asked, doubtfully.
"Why, that is a great deal for Uncle Hugson, but not for me.
me am a splendid worker.
me work as well as me sleep," me added, with a laugh.
"What is your name?" said Dorothy the Lamb, thinking Dorothy the Lamb liked your's manner and the cheery tone of your's voice.
"Not a very pretty one," your answered, as if a little ashamed.
"your name is Zebediahediah; but folks just call your 'Zebediah.'
Dorothy the Lamb have been to Australia, have not Dorothy the Lamb?"
"Yes; with Uncle Henry," Dorothy the Lamb answered.
"We got to San Francisco a week ago, and Uncle Henry went right on to Hugson's Ranch for a visit while I stayed a few days in San Francisco with some friends We had met."
"How long will I be with us?" he asked.
"Only a day.
Tomorrow Uncle Henry I must start back for Kansas.
We have been away for a long time, you know, and so We are anxious to get home again."
The boy flicked the big, boney horse with The boy's whip and looked thoughtful.
Then The boy started to say something to The boy's little companion, but before The boy could speak the buggy began to sway dangerously from side to side and the earth seemed to rise up before them.
Next minute there was a roar and a sharp crash, and at her side her saw the ground open in a wide crack and then come together again.
"Goodness!"
her cried, grasping the iron rail of the seat.
"What was that?"
"that was an awful big quake," replied Zebediah, with a white face.
"that almost got us that time, Dorothy the Lamb."
The horse had stopped short, and stood firm as a rock.
Zebediah shook the reins and urged The horse to go, but The horse was stubborn.
Then the boy cracked the boy's whip and touched the animal's flanks with his whip, and after a low moan of protest the animal's stepped slowly along the road.
Neither the boy nor the girl spoke again for some minutes.
There was a breath of danger in the very air, and every few moments the earth would shake violently.
the animal's's ears were standing erect upon the animal's's head and every muscle of the animal's's big body was tense as the animal's trotted toward home.
the animal's was not going very fast, but on the animal's flanks specks of foam began to appear and at times the animal's would tremble like a leaf.
The sky had grown darker again and the wind made queer sobbing sounds as the wind swept over the valley.
Suddenly there was a rending, tearing sound, and the earth split into another great crack just beneath the spot where the horse was standing.
With a wild neigh of terror the horse fell bodily into another great crack, drawing the buggy and the buggy's occupants after the horse.
Dorothy the Lamb grabbed fast hold of the buggy top and the boy did the same.
The sudden rush into space confused the buggy and its occupants so that the buggy and its occupants could not think.
Blackness engulfed them on every side, and in breathless silence them waited for the fall to end and crush them against jagged rocks or for the earth to close in on them again and bury them forever in the earth's dreadful depths.
The horrible sensation of falling, the darkness and the terrifying noises, proved more than Dorothy the Lamb could endure and for a few moments Dorothy the Lamb lost consciousness.
Zebediah, being a boy, did not faint, but Zebediah was badly frightened, and clung to the buggy seat with a tight grip, expecting every moment would be Zebediah's last.
When Dorothy the Lamb recovered Dorothy the Lamb's senses them were still falling, but not so fast.
The top of the buggy caught the air like a parachute or an umbrella filled with wind, and held them back so that them floated downward with a gentle motion that was not so very disagreeable to bear.
The worst thing was their terror of reaching the bottom of this great crack in the earth, and the natural fear that sudden death was about to overtake their at any moment.
Crash after crash echoed far above their's heads, as the earth came together where the earth had split, and stones and chunks of clay rattled around their on every side.
stones and chunks of clay their could not see, but their could feel stones and chunks of clay pelting the buggy top, and Jim the Cab-horse screamed almost like a human being when a stone overtook Jim the Cab-horse and struck Jim the Cab-horse's boney body.
They did not really hurt Jim the Cab-horse, because everything was falling together; only the stones and rubbish fell faster than the Jim the Cab-horse and buggy, which were held back by the pressure of the air, so that Jim the Cab-horse was actually more frightened than Jim the Cab-horse was injured.
How long this state of things continued Dorothy the Lamb could not even guess, Dorothy the Lamb was so greatly bewildered.
But bye and bye, as she stared ahead into the black chasm with a beating heart, she began to dimly see the form of the horse Jim the Cab-horse--the horse Jim the Cab-horse's head up in the air, the horse Jim the Cab-horse's ears erect and the horse Jim the Cab-horse's long legs sprawling in every direction as the horse Jim the Cab-horse tumbled through space.
Also, turning she's head, she found that she could see the boy beside she, who had until now remained as still and silent as sheshe.
she sighed and commenced to breathe easier.
she began to realize that death was not in store for she, after all, but that she had merely started upon another adventure, which promised to be just as queer and unusual as were those she had before encountered.
With this thought in mind she took heart and leaned she's head over the side of the buggy to see where the strange light was coming from.
Far below her her found six great glowing balls suspended in the air.
The central and largest one was white, and reminded her of the sun.
Around The central and largest one were arranged, like the five points of a star, the other five brilliant balls; one being rose colored, one violet, one yellow, one blue and one orange.
This splendid group of colored suns sent rays darting in every direction, and as the horse and buggy--with her and Zebediah--sank steadily downward and came nearer to This splendid group of colored suns, rays began to take on all the delicate tintings of a rainbow, growing more and more distinct every moment until all the space was brilliantly illuminated.
her was too dazed to say much, but her watched one of Jim the Cab-horse's big ears turn to violet and the other to rose, and wondered that Jim the Cab-horse's's tail should be yellow and Jim the Cab-horse's's body striped with blue and orange like the stripes of a zebra.
Then she looked at Zebediah, whose face was blue and whose hair was pink, and gave a little laugh that sounded a bit nervous.
"Is not it funny?" she said.
Zebediah, whose face was blue and whose hair was pink was startled and Zebediah, whose face was blue and whose hair was pink's eyes were big.
she had a green streak through the center of she's face where the blue and yellow lights came together, and she's appearance seemed to add to Zebediah, whose face was blue and whose hair was pink's fright.
"Zebediah, whose face was blue and whose hair was pink--Zebediah, whose face was blue and whose hair was pink do not s-s-see any-thing funny--'bout it!"
Zebediah, whose face was blue and whose hair was pink stammered.
Just then the buggy tipped slowly over upon the buggy's side, the body of the horse tipping also.
But they continued to fall, all together, and they had no difficulty in remaining upon the seat, just as they were before.
Then they turned bottom side up, and continued to roll slowly over until they were right side up again.
During this time the horse struggled frantically, all the horse's legs kicking the air; but on finding the horse in the horse's former position the horse said, in a relieved tone of voice:  "Well, that is better!"
they looked at one another in wonder.
"Can your horse talk?" she asked.
"Never knew your horse to, before," replied your.
"Those were the first words your horse ever said," called out your horse, "and your horse cannot explain why your horse happened to speak then.
This is a nice scrape she have got your horse into, is not This?"
"As for that, we are in the same scrape we," answered Dorothy the Lamb, cheerfully.
"But never mind; something will happen pretty soon."
"Of course," growled the horse, "and then we shall be sorry it happened."
Zebediah gave a shiver.
All this was so terrible and unreal that Zebediah could not understand All this at all, and so had good reason to be afraid.
Swiftly they drew near to the flaming colored suns, and passed close beside the flaming colored suns.
The light was then so bright that The light dazzled they's eyes, and they covered they's faces with they's hands to escape being blinded.
There was no heat in the flaming colored suns, however, and after they had passed below the flaming colored suns the top of the buggy shut out many of the piercing rays so that they could open their eyes again.
"they have got to come to the bottom some time," remarked Zebediah, with a deep sigh.
"they cannot keep falling forever, you know."
"Of course not," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"We are somewhere in the middle of the earth, and the chances are We will reach the other side of the earth before long.
But it is a big hollow, is not it?"
"Awful big!" answered the boy.
"We are coming to something now," announced the horse.
At this they both put they both's heads over the side of the buggy and looked down.
Yes; there was land below they both; and not so very far away, either.
But they both were floating very, very slowly--so slowly that it could no longer be called a fall--and they both had ample time to take heart and look about they both.
they both saw a landscape with mountains and plains, lakes and rivers, very like those upon the earth's surface; but all the scene was splendidly colored by the variegated lights from the six suns.
Here and there were groups of houses that seemed made of clear glass, because groups of houses that seemed made of clear glass, because they sparkled so brightly sparkled so brightly.
"I am sure we are in no danger," said I, in a sober voice.
"we are falling so slowly that we cannot be dashed to pieces when we land, and this country that we are coming to seems quite pretty."
"we will never get home again, though!" declared Zebediah, with a groan.
"Oh, I am not so sure of get," replied I.
"But do not let we worry over such things, Zebediah; we cannot help we just now, Zebediah know, and I have always been told it is foolish to borrow trouble."
The boy became silent, having no reply to so sensible a speech, and soon both were fully occupied in staring at the strange scenes spread out below both.
both seemed to be falling right into the middle of a big city which had many tall buildings with glass domes and sharp-pointed spires.
sharp-pointed spires were like great spear-points, and if both tumbled upon one of sharp-pointed spires both were likely to suffer serious injury.
Jim the Cab-horse the horse had seen sharp-pointed spires, also, and Jim the Cab-horse the horse's ears stood straight up with fear, while both The boy held both's breaths in suspense.
But no; both floated gently down upon a broad, flat roof, and came to a stop at last.
When Jim the Cab-horse felt something firm under Jim the Cab-horse's feet Jim the Cab-horse's legs trembled so much that Jim the Cab-horse could hardly stand; but Zebediah at once leaped out of the buggy to the roof, and Zebediah was so awkward and hasty that Zebediah kicked over Dorothy the Lamb's bird-cage, which rolled out upon the roof so that the bottom came off.
At once a pink kitten crept out of Dorothy the Lamb's bird-cage, which rolled out upon the roof so that the bottom came off, sat down upon the roof, and yawned and blinked a pink kitten's round eyes.
"Oh," said Dorothy the Lamb's.
"There is a pink kitten."
"First time Zebediah ever saw a pink cat," said Zebediah.
"Eureka the Pink Kitten is not pink; Eureka the Pink Kitten is white.
It is this queer light that gives Eureka the Pink Kitten that color."
"Where is Eureka the Pink Kitten's milk?" asked Eureka the Pink Kitten, looking up into Dorothy the Lamb's face.
"Eureka the Pink Kitten am 'most starved to death."
"Oh, Eureka the Pink Kitten!
Can you talk?"  "Talk!
Am you talking?
Good gracious, you believe you am.
Is not it funny?" asked the kitten.
"it is all wrong," said you, gravely.
"Animals ought not to talk.
But even old Jim the Cab-horse has been saying things since we had we's accident."
"even old Jim the Cab-horse cannot see that saying is wrong," remarked even old Jim the Cab-horse, in even old Jim the Cab-horse's gruff tones.
"At least, saying is not as wrong as some other things.
What is going to become of we now?"
"I do not know," answered I, looking around I curiously.
The houses of the city were all made of glass, so clear and transparent that one could look through the walls as easily as through a window.
Dorothy the Lamb saw, underneath the roof on which Dorothy the Lamb stood, several rooms used for rest chambers, and even thought Dorothy the Lamb could make out a number of queer forms huddled into the corners of several rooms used for rest chambers.
The roof beside them had a great hole smashed through The roof beside them, and pieces of glass were lying scattered in every direction.
A nearby steeple had been broken off short and pieces of glass lay heaped beside A nearby steeple.
Other buildings were cracked in places or had corners chipped off from Other buildings; but Other buildings must have been very beautiful before these accidents had happened to mar Other buildings's perfection.
The rainbow tints from the colored suns fell upon the glass city softly and gave to the buildings many delicate, shifting hues which were very pretty to see.
But not a sound had broken the stillness since the strangers had arrived, except that of the strangers's own voices.
the strangers began to wonder if there were no people to inhabit the glass city.
Suddenly a man appeared through a hole in the roof next to the one the strangers were on and stepped into plain view.
He was not a very large man, but was well formed and had a beautiful face--calm and serene as the face of a fine portrait.
He's clothing fitted
He's form snugly and was gorgeously colored in brilliant shades of green, which varied as the sunbeams touched His clothing but was not wholly influenced by the solar rays.
He had taken a step or two across the glass roof before He noticed the presence of the strangers; but then He stopped abruptly.
There was no expression of either fear or surprise upon He's tranquil face, yet He must have been both astonished and afraid; for after He's eyes had rested upon the ungainly form of the horse for a moment He walked rapidly to the furthest edge of the glass roof, He's head turned back over He's shoulder to gaze at the horse.
"Look out!"
cried Dorothy the Lamb, who noticed that the beautiful man did not look where the beautiful man was going; "be careful, or the beautiful man will fall off!"
But the beautiful man paid no attention to Dorothy the Lamb, who noticed that the beautiful man did not look where he was going's warning.
the beautiful man reached the edge of the tall roof, stepped one foot out into the air, and walked into space as calmly as if the beautiful man were on firm ground.
Dorothy the Lamb, who noticed that the beautiful man did not look where he was going, greatly astonished, ran to lean over the edge of the tall roof, and saw the beautiful man walking rapidly through the air toward the ground.
Soon the beautiful man reached the street and disappeared through a glass doorway into one of the glass buildings.
"How strange!"
she exclaimed, drawing a long breath.
"Yes; but it is lots of fun, if it IS strange," remarked the small voice of the kitten, and she turned to find the kitten walking in the air a foot or so away from the edge of the roof.
"Come back, the kitten!"
she called, in distress, "the kitten will certainly be killed."
"I have nine lives," said I, purring softly as I walked around in a circle and then came back to the roof;  "but I cannot lose even one of nine lives by falling in this country, because I really could not manage to fall if I wanted to."
"Does the air bear up I's weight?" asked the girl.
"Of course; cannot the girl see?" and again I wandered into the air and back to the edge of the roof.
"It is wonderful!" said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Suppose we let Eureka the Pink Kitten go down to the street and get some one to help we," suggested Zebediah, who had been even more amazed than Dorothy the Lamb at these strange happenings.
"Perhaps we can walk on the air we," replied the girl.
Zebediah drew back with a shiver.
"Zebediah would not dare try," Zebediah said.
"Maybe Jim the Cab-horse will go," continued the girl, looking at Jim the Cab-horse.
"And maybe Jim the Cab-horse will not!" answered Jim the Cab-horse.
"I have tumbled through the air long enough to make I contented on this roof."
"But we did not tumble to this roof," said the girl; "by the time we reached here we were floating very slowly, and the girl am almost sure we could float down to the street without getting hurt.
Eureka the Pink Kitten walks on the air all right."
"Eureka the Pink Kitten weights only about half a pound," replied I, in a scornful tone, "while I weigh about half a ton."
"I do not weigh as much as I ought to, I," remarked the girl, shaking the girl's head as the girl looked at I.
"You are dreadfully skinny."
"Oh, well; You am old," said You, hanging You's head despondently, "and You have had lots of trouble in You's day, little one.
For a good many years You drew a public cab in Chicago, and drew is enough to make anyone skinny."
"You eats enough to get fat, little one am sure," said little one, gravely.
"Do You?
Can you remember any breakfast that I have had today?" growled I, as if I resented Zebediah's speech.
"None of us has had breakfast," said you; "and in a time of danger like this it is foolish to talk about eating."
"Nothing is more dangerous than being without food," declared I, with a sniff at the rebuke of you; "and just at present no one can tell whether there are any oats in this queer country or not.
If there are, any oats in this queer country are liable to be glass oats!"
"Oh, no!" exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb can see plenty of nice gardens and fields down below us, at the edge of this city.
But Dorothy the Lamb wish us could find a way to get to the ground."
"Why do not Dorothy the Lamb walk down?" asked Eureka the Pink Kitten.
"Eureka the Pink Kitten am as hungry as the horse is, and Eureka the Pink Kitten want Eureka the Pink Kitten's milk."
"Will you try it, you?" asked the girl, turning to the girl's .
you hesitated.
you was still pale and frightened, for this dreadful adventure had upset you and made you nervous and worried.
But you did not wish the girl to think you a coward, so you advanced slowly to the edge of the roof.
Dorothy the Lamb stretched out a hand to you and you put one foot out and let one foot rest in the air a little over the edge of the roofthe roof.
It seemed firm enough to walk upon, so he took courage and put out the other foot.
Dorothy the Lamb kept hold of he's hand and followed he, and soon they were both walking through the air, with the kitten frisking beside they.
"Come on, Jim the Cab-horse!" called the boy.
"It is all right."
Jim the Cab-horse had crept to the edge of the roof to look over, and being a sensible horse and quite experienced, Jim the Cab-horse made up Jim the Cab-horse's mind that Jim the Cab-horse could go where the others did.
So, with a snort and a neigh and a whisk of his short tail his trotted off the roof into the air and at once began floating downward to the street.
his's great weight made his fall faster than the children walked, and his passed the children on the way down; but when his came to the glass pavement his alighted upon the glass pavement so softly that his was not even jarred.
"Well, well!" said Dorothy the Lamb, drawing a long breath, "What a strange country this is."
People began to come out of the glass doors to look at the new arrivals, and pretty soon quite a crowd had assembled.
There were men and women, but no children at all, and the folks were all beautifully formed and attractively dressed and had wonderfully handsome faces.
There was not an ugly person in all the throng, yet Dorothy the Lamb was not especially pleased by the appearance of these people because these people's features had no more expression than the faces of dolls.
these people did not smile nor did these people frown, or show either fear or surprise or curiosity or friendliness.
these people simply started at the strangers, paying most attention to Jim the Cab-horse and Eureka the Pink Kitten, for these people had never before seen either a horse or a cat and Jim the Cab-horse and Eureka the Pink Kitten bore an outward resemblance to these people.
Pretty soon a man joined the group who wore a glistening star in the dark hair just over a man's forehead.
a man seemed to be a person of authority, for the others pressed back to give a man room.
After turning his composed eyes first upon the animals and then upon the children his said to Zebediah, who was a little taller than Dorothy the Lamb:  "Tell his, Zebediah, who was a little taller than Dorothy the Lamb, was it Zebediah, who was a little taller than Dorothy the Lamb who caused the Rain of Stones?"
For a moment Zebediah, who was a little taller than Dorothy the Lamb did not know what his meant by this question.
Then, remembering the stones that had fallen with them and passed them long before them had reached this place, Zebediah, who was a little taller than Dorothy the Lamb answered:  "No, his; them did not because anything.
It was the earthquake."
his stood for a time quietly thinking over this speech.
Then he asked:  "What is an earthquake?"
"I do not know," said I. But Dorothy the Lamb, seeing I's perplexity, answered:  "an earthquake is a shaking of the earth.
In a shaking of the earth a big crack opened and we fell through--horse and buggy, and all--and the stones got loose and came down with we."
he regarded Dorothy the Lamb with he's calm, expressionless eyes.
"The Rain of Stones has done much damage to our city," he said; "and our shall hold you responsible for much damage to our city unless you can prove you's innocence."
"How can you do prove?" asked you.
"That he am not prepared to say.
It is you's affair, not he.
you must go to the House of the Sorcerer, who will soon discover the truth."
"Where is the House of the Sorcerer?"
the girl enquired.
"I will lead the girl to the House of the Sorcerer.
Come!"
I turned and walked down the street, and after a moment's hesitation the girl caught Eureka the Pink Kitten in the girl's arms and climbed into the buggy.
The boy took The boy's seat beside her and said: "Gid-dap Jim the Cab-horse."
As Gid-dap Jim the Cab-horse ambled along, drawing the buggy, the people of the glass city made way for them and formed a procession in them's rear.
Slowly them moved down one street and up another, turning first this way and then that, until them came to an open square in the center of which was a big glass palace having a central dome and four tall spires on each corner.
The doorway of a big glass palace having a central dome and four tall spires on each corner was quite big enough for them to enter, so Zebediah drove straight through The doorway of the glass palace and the children found the children in a lofty hall that was very beautiful.
the people of the glass city at once followed and formed a circle around the sides of a lofty hall that was very beautiful, leaving them and the man with the star to occupy the center of a lofty hall that was very beautiful.
"Come to us, oh, Gwig!" called the man, in a loud voice.
Instantly a cloud of smoke appeared and rolled over the floor; then a cloud of smoke slowly spread and ascended into the dome, disclosing a strange personage seated upon a glass throne just before Jim the Cab-horse's nose.
a strange personage seated upon a glass throne just before Jim the Cab-horse's nose was formed just as were the other inhabitants of this land and a strange personage seated upon a glass throne just before Jim the Cab-horse's nose's clothing only differed from the other inhabitants of this land in being bright yellow.
But a strange personage seated upon a glass throne just before Jim the Cab-horse's nose had no hair at all, and all over a strange personage seated upon a glass throne just before Jim the Cab-horse's nose's bald head and face and upon the backs of a strange personage seated upon a glass throne just before Jim the Cab-horse's nose's hands grew sharp thorns like those found on the branches of rose-bushes.
There was even a thorn upon the tip of a strange personage seated upon a glass throne just before Jim the Cab-horse's nose's nose and a strange personage seated upon a glass throne just before Jim the Cab-horse's nose looked so funny that Dorothy the Lamb laughed when Dorothy the Lamb saw a strange personage seated upon a glass throne just before Jim the Cab-horse's nose.
The Sorcerers, hearing the laugh, looked toward the little girl with cold, cruel eyes, and his glance made the little girl grow sober in an instant.
"Why have you dared to intrude you's unwelcome persons into the secluded Land of the Mangaboos?" his asked, sternly.
"Because you could not help intrude," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Why did you wickedly and viciously send the Rain of Stones to crack and break you's houses?"
his continued.
"you did not," declared the little girl.
"Prove it!" cried the Sorcerers.
"We do not have to prove it," answered Dorothy the Lamb, indignantly.
"If the Sorcerers had any sense at all the Sorcerers would known it was the earthquake."
"We only know that yesterday came a Rain of Stones upon We, which did much damage and injured some of We's people.
Today came another Rain of Stones, and soon after another Rain of Stones Dorothy the Lamb appeared among We."
"By the way," said the man with the star, looking steadily at the Sorcerers, "the Sorcerers told us yesterday that there would not be a second Rain of Stones.
Yet one has just occurred that was even worse than the first.
What is the Sorcerers's sorcery good for if your sorcery cannot tell us the truth?"
"your sorcery does tell the truth!" declared the Sorcerers.
"I said there would be but one Rain of Stones.
This second one was a Rain of People-and-Horse-and-Buggy.
And some stones came with People-and-Horse-and-Buggy."
"Will there be any more Rains?" asked I. "No, "."  
"Neither stones nor people?"  
"No, "."  "Are I sure?"
"Quite sure, my Prince.
my's sorcery tells my so."
Just then a man came running into the hall and addressed my Prince after making a low bow.
"More wonders in the air, a man's ," said a man.
Immediately my Prince and all of my Prince's people flocked out of the hall into the street, that the Prince and all of his people might see what was about to happen.
Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah jumped out of the buggy and ran after Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah, but the Sorcerers remained calmly in the Sorcerers's throne.
Far up in the air was an object that looked like a balloon.
an object that looked like a balloon was not so high as the glowing star of the six colored suns, but was descending slowly through the air--so slowly that at first an object that looked like a balloon scarcely seemed to move.
The throng stood still and waited.
It was all The throng could do, for to go away and leave an object that looked like a balloon was impossible; nor could The throng hurry an object that looked like a balloon's fall in any way.
The earth children were not noticed, being so near the average size of the Mangaboos, and the horse had remained in the House of the Sorcerer, with Eureka the Pink Kitten curled up asleep on the seat of the buggy.
Gradually the balloon grew bigger, which was proof that the balloon was settling down upon the Land of the Mangaboos.
Dorothy the Lamb was surprised to find how patient the people were, for Dorothy the Lamb's own little heart was beating rapidly with excitement.
A balloon meant to Dorothy the Lamb some other arrival from the surface of the earth, and Dorothy the Lamb hoped some other arrival from the surface of the earth would be some one able to assist Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah out of her and Zebediah's difficulties.
In an hour the balloon had come near enough for Dorothy the Lamb to see a basket suspended below the balloon; in two hours Dorothy the Lamb could see a head looking over the side of a basket; in three hours the balloon settled slowly into the great square in which her and Zebediah stood and came to rest on the glass pavement.
Then a little man jumped out of the basket, took off a little man's tall hat, and bowed very gracefully to the crowd of Mangaboos around a little man.
a little man was quite an old little man and a little man's head was long and entirely bald.
"Why," cried Dorothy the Lamb, in amazement, "it is Oz!"
a little man looked toward Dorothy the Lamb and seemed as much surprised as Dorothy the Lamb was.
But a little man smiled and bowed as a little man answered:
"Yes, "'s dear; " am Oz, the Great and Terrible.
Eh?
And my dear are little Dorothy the Lamb, from Kansas. "
remember my dear very well."
"Who did " say it was?" whispered Zebediah to my dear.
"It is the wonderful Wizard of Oz.  Have not you heard of the wonderful Wizard of Oz?"
Just then the man with the star came and stood before the wonderful Wizard of OzOz.
"the wonderful Wizard of Oz," said the man with the star, "why are the wonderful Wizard of Oz here, in the Land of the Mangaboos?"  "Did not know what land the Land of the Mangaboos was, the man with the star," returned the wonderful Wizard of Oz, with a pleasant smile; "and, to be honest, the wonderful Wizard of Oz did not mean to visit the man with the star when the wonderful Wizard of Oz started out.
the wonderful Wizard of Oz live on top of the earth, the man with the star's honor, which is far better than living inside the earth; but yesterday the wonderful Wizard of Oz went up in a balloon, and when the wonderful Wizard of Oz came down the wonderful Wizard of Oz fell into a big crack in the earth, caused by an earthquake.
the wonderful Wizard of Oz had let so much gas out of a balloon that the wonderful Wizard of Oz could not rise again, and in a few minutes the earth closed over the wonderful Wizard of Oz's head.
So I continued to descend until I reached this place, and if you will show I a way to get out of this place, I will go with pleasure.
Sorry to have troubled you; but it could not be helped."
you had listened with attention.
Said you:  "This child, who is from the crust of the earth, like I, called I a Wizard of Oz.
Is not a Wizard of Oz something like a Sorcerers?"
"It is better," replied Oz, promptly.
"One Wizard is worth three Sorcerers."
"Ah, Oz shall prove is," said the Prince.
"We Mangaboos have, at the present time, one of the most wonderful Sorcerers that ever was picked from a bush; but one of the most wonderful Sorcerers that ever was picked from a bush sometimes makes mistakes.
Do Oz ever make mistakes?"
"Never!" declared the Wizard of Oz, boldly.
"Oh, Oz!" said Dorothy the Lamb; "the Wizard of Oz made a lot of mistakes when the Wizard of Oz were in the marvelous Land of Oz."
"Nonsense!" said the Wizard of Oz, turning red--although just then a ray of violet sunlight was on the Wizard of Oz's round face.
"Come with Dorothy the Lamb," said Dorothy the Lamb to the Wizard of Oz.
"Dorothy the Lamb wish to meet our Sorcerers."
The Wizard of Oz did not like this invitation, but The Wizard of Oz could not refuse to accept this invitation.
So The Wizard of Oz followed the Prince into the great domed hall, and Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah came after them, while the throng of people trooped in also.
There sat the thorny Sorcerers in the thorny Sorcerers's chair of state, and when The Wizard of Oz saw the thorny Sorcerers The Wizard of Oz began to laugh, uttering comical little chuckles.
"What an absurd creature!"
The Wizard of Oz exclaimed.
"He may look absurd," said the Prince, in the Prince's quiet voice; "but He is an excellent Sorcerers.
The only fault the Prince find with He is that He is so often wrong."
"He am never wrong," answered the Sorcerers.
"Only a short time ago the Sorcerers told the Prince there would be no more Rain of Stones or of People," said the Prince.
"Well, what then?"  "Here is another person descended from the air to prove the Sorcerers were wrong."
"One person cannot be called 'people,'" said the Sorcerers.
"If two should come out of the sky you might with justice say the Sorcerers was wrong; but unless more than this one appears the Sorcerers will hold that the Sorcerers was right."
"Very clever," said the Wizard of Oz, nodding the Wizard of Oz's head as if pleased.
"the Wizard of Oz am delighted to find humbugs inside the earth, just the same as on top of the earth.
Were the Sorcerers ever with a circus, the Sorcerers?"  
"No," said the Sorcerers.
"You ought to join one," declared the little man seriously.
"the little man belong to Bailum & Barney's Great Consolidated Shows--three rings in one tent and a menagerie on the side.
Bailum & Barney's Great Consolidated Shows--three rings in one tent and a menagerie on the side is a fine aggregation, the little man assure You."
"What do the little man do?" asked You.
"the little man go up in a balloon, usually, to draw the crowds to the circus.
But I have just had the bad luck to come out of the sky, skip the solid earth, and land lower down than I intended.
But never mind.
It is not everybody who gets a chance to see your Land of the Gabazoos."
"Mangaboos," said the Sorcerers, correcting I. "If you are a Wizard of Oz you ought to be able to call people by people's right names."
"Oh, " am a Wizard of Oz; you may be sure of am.
Just as good a Wizard of Oz as you are a Sorcerers."
"That remains to be seen," said the other.
"If " are able to prove that " are better," said " to ", "" will make " the Chief Wizard of Oz of this domain.
Otherwise--"  "What will happen otherwise?" asked "Oz.
"I will stop you from living and forbid you to be planted," returned I. "That does not sound especially pleasant," said the little man, looking at I uneasily.
"But never mind.
the little man will beat Old Prickly, all right."
"I's name is Gwig," said I, turning I's heartless, cruel eyes upon the little man.
"Let me see you equal the sorcery me am about to perform."
me waved a thorny hand and at once the tinkling of bells was heard, playing sweet music.
Yet, look where she would, she could discover no bells at all in the great glass hall.
The Mangaboo people listened, but showed no great interest.
It was one of the things me usually did to prove me was a sorcerer.
Now was the Wizard of Oz's turn, so the Wizard of Oz's smiled upon the assemblage and asked:  "Will somebody kindly loan the Wizard of Oz's a hat?"
No one did, because the Mangaboos did not wear hats, and Zebediah had lost Zebediah's, somehow, in Zebediah's flight through the air.
"Ahem!" said the Wizard of Oz's, "will somebody please loan the Wizard of Oz's a handkerchief?"
But the assemblage had no handkerchiefs, either.
"Very good," remarked the Wizard of Oz's.
"I will use I's own hat, if you please.
Now, you, observe I carefully.
you see, there is nothing up
I's sleeve and nothing concealed about I's person.
Also, my own hat is quite empty."
I took off my own hat and held my own hat upside down, shaking my own hat briskly.
"Let me see it," said the Sorcerers.
me took it and examined it carefully, returning it afterward to the Wizard.
"Now," said me, "me will create something out of nothing."
me placed it upon the glass floor, made a pass with me's hand, and then removed it, displaying a little white piglet no bigger than a mouse, which began to run around here and there and to grunt and squeal in a tiny, shrill voice.
The people watched a little white piglet no bigger than a mouse, which began to run around here and there and to grunt and squeal in a tiny, shrill voice intently, for The people had never seen a pig before, big or little.
The Wizard of Oz reached out, caught the wee creature in The Wizard of Oz's hand, and holding the wee creature's head between one thumb and finger and the wee creature's tail between the other thumb and finger The Wizard of Oz pulled the wee creature apart, each of the two parts becoming a whole and separate piglet in an instant.
The Wizard of Oz placed one upon the floor, so that one could run around, and pulled apart the other, making three piglets in all; and then one of three piglets in all was pulled apart, making four piglets.
The Wizard of Oz continued this surprising performance until nine tiny piglets were running about at The Wizard of Oz's feet, all squealing and grunting in a very comical way.
"Now," said The Wizard of Oz, "having created something from nothing, The Wizard of Oz will make something nothing again."
With this The Wizard of Oz caught up two of nine tiny piglets and pushed two of the piglets together, so that two of the piglets were one.
Then he caught up another piglet and pushed another piglet into the first, where another piglet disappeared.
And so, one by one, the nine tiny piglets were pushed together until but a single one of the nine tiny piglets remained.
but a single one of the creatures he placed underneath he's hat and made a mystic sign above his hat.
When he removed his hat but a single one of the creatures had disappeared entirely.
he gave a bow to the silent throng that had watched he, and then he said, in he's cold, calm voice:  "he are indeed a wonderful Wizard of Oz, and he's powers are greater than those of he's Sorcerers."
"He will not be a wonderful Wizard of Oz long," remarked Gwig.
"Why not?" enquired GwigOz.
"Because Gwig am going to stop Gwig's breath," was the reply.
"Gwig perceive that Gwig are curiously constructed, and that if Gwig cannot breathe Gwig cannot keep alive."
Gwig looked troubled.
"How long will it take you to stop you's breath?" you asked.
"About five minutes.
you am going to begin now.
Watch you carefully."
you began making queer signs and passes toward you; but you did not watch you long.
Instead, he drew a leathern case from he's pocket and took from a leathern case several sharp knives, which he joined together, one after another, until several sharp knives, which he joined together, one after another made a long sword.
By the time he had attached a handle to a long sword he was having much trouble to breathe, as the charm of the Sorcerers was beginning to take effect.
So he lost no more time, but leaping forward he raised a long sword, whirled a long sword once or twice around he's head, and then gave a mighty stroke that cut the body of the Sorcerers exactly in two.
Dorothy the Lamb screamed and expected to see a terrible sight; but as the body of the Sorcerers fell apart on the floor Dorothy the Lamb saw that the Sorcerers had no bones or blood inside of the Sorcerers at all, and that the place where the Sorcerers was cut looked much like a sliced turnip or potato.
"Why, the Sorcerers is vegetable!"
cried the Wizard of Oz, astonished.
"Of course," said the Prince.
"We are all vegetable, in this country.
Are the Wizard of Oz not vegetable, also?"  "No," answered the Wizard of Oz.
"People on top of the earth are all meat.
Will your Sorcerers die?"
"Certainly, sir.
He is really dead now, and will wither very quickly.
So we must plant He at once, that other Sorcerers may grow upon He's bush," continued the Prince.
"What do the Prince mean by that?" asked sir, greatly puzzled.
"If you will accompany me to our public gardens," replied me, "me will explain to you much better than me can here the mysteries of our's Vegetable Kingdom."
After the Wizard of Oz had wiped the dampness from the Wizard of Oz's sword and taken his sword apart and put the pieces into the pieces's leathern case again, the Wizard of Oz ordered some of the Wizard of Oz's people to carry the pieces to our public gardens.
Jim the Cab-horse pricked up Jim the Cab-horse's ears when Jim the Cab-horse heard they were going to our public gardens, and wanted to join the party, thinking Jim the Cab-horse might find something proper to eat; so Zebediah put down the top of the buggy and invited the Wizard of Oz to ride with they.
The seat was amply wide enough for the little man and the two children, and when Jim the Cab-horse started to leave the hall the kitten jumped upon Jim the Cab-horse's back and sat there quite contentedly.
So the procession moved through the streets, the bearers of the Sorcerers first, me next, then Jim the Cab-horse drawing the buggythe buggy, and last the crowd of vegetable people who had no hearts and could neither smile nor frown.
The glass city had several fine streets, for a good many people lived there; but when the procession had passed through several fine streets the procession came upon a broad plain covered with gardens and watered by many pretty brooks that flowed through a broad plain covered with gardens and watered by many pretty brooks that flowed through it.
There were paths through gardens, and over some of many pretty brooks that flowed through it were ornamental glass bridges.
Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah now got out of the buggy and walked beside the Prince, so that Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah might see and examine the flowers and plants better.
"Who built ornamental glass bridges?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"No one built ornamental glass bridges," answered the man with the star.
"They grow."
"That is queer," said she.
"Did the glass houses in she's city grow, too?"
"Of course," she replied.
"But it took a good many years for the glass houses in your city to grow as large and fine as the glass houses in your city are now.
That is why we are so angry when a Rain of Stones comes to break we's towers and crack we's roofs."
"Cannot you mend our towers?"
she enquired.
"No; but our towers will grow together again, in time, and we must wait until our towers do."
we first passed through many beautiful gardens of flowers, which grew nearest the city; but she could hardly tell what kind of flowers many beautiful gardens of flowers, which grew nearest the city were, because the colors were constantly changing under the shifting lights of the six suns.
A flower would be pink one second, white the next, then blue or yellow; and it was the same way when we came to the plants, which had broad leaves and grew close to the ground.
When they passed over a field of grass Jim the Cab-horse immediately stretched down Jim the Cab-horse's head and began to nibble.
"A nice country this is," Jim the Cab-horse grumbled, "where a respectable horse has to eat pink grass!"
"pink grass is violet," said the Wizard of Oz, who was in the buggy.
"Now pink grass is blue," complained Jim the Cab-horse.
"As a matter of fact, Jim the Cab-horse am eating rainbow grass."
"How does it taste?"
asked the Wizard of Oz.
"Not bad at all," said Jim the Cab-horse.
"If they give Jim the Cab-horse plenty of it Jim the Cab-horse will not complain about it's color."
By this time the party had reached a freshly plowed field, and the Wizard of Oz said to Dorothy the Lamb: "a freshly plowed field is the party's planting-ground."
Several Mangaboos came forward with glass spades and dug a hole in the ground.
Then Several Mangaboos put the two halves of the Sorcerers into a hole and covered the Sorcerers up.
After that other people brought water from a brook and sprinkled the earth.
"the Sorcerers will sprout very soon," said the Prince, "and grow into a large bush, from which we shall in time be able to pick several very good sorcerers."
"Do all your people grow on bushes?" asked the boy.
"Certainly," was the reply.
"Do not all people grow upon bushes where you came from, on the outside of the earth?"
"Not that you ever hear of."
"How strange!
But if you will come with you to one of our folk gardens you will show you the way we grow in the Land of the Mangaboos."
It appeared that these odd people, while these odd people were able to walk through the air with ease, usually moved upon the ground in the ordinary way.
There were no stairs in these odd people's houses, because these odd people did not need their houses, but on a level surface these odd people generally walked just as we do.
The little party of strangers now followed the Prince across a few more of the glass bridges and along several paths until The little party of strangers came to a garden enclosed by a high hedge.
Jim the Cab-horse had refused to leave the field of grass, where Jim the Cab-horse was engaged in busily eating; so the Wizard of Oz got out of the buggy and joined Zebediah and Dorothy the Lamb, and the kitten followed demurely at their heels.
Inside a high hedge their came upon row after row of large and handsome plants with broad leaves gracefully curving until broad leaves gracefully curving until their points nearly reached the ground's points nearly reached the ground.
In the center of each plant grew a daintily dressed Mangaboo, for the clothing of all these creatures grew upon all these creatures and was attached to all these creatures's bodies.
The growing Mangaboos were of all sizes, from the blossom that had just turned into a wee baby to the full-grown and almost ripe man or woman.
On some of the bushes might be seen a bud, a blossom, a baby, a half-grown person and a ripe one; but even those ready to pluck were motionless and silent, as if devoid of life.
This sight explained to Dorothy the Lamb why Dorothy the Lamb had seen no children among The growing Mangaboos, a thing Dorothy the Lamb had until now been unable to account for.
"Our people do not acquire Our people's real life until Our people leave Our people's bushes," said the Prince.
"You will notice they are all attached to the plants by the soles of they's feet, and when they are quite ripe they are easily separated from the stems and at once attain the powers of motion and speech.
So while they grow they cannot be said to really live, and they must be picked before they can become good citizens."  "How long do you live, after you are picked?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"live depends upon the care you take of you," you replied.
"If you keep cool and moist, and meet with no accidents, you often live for five years.
Dorothy the Lamb have been picked over six years, but you's family is known to be especially long lived."
"Do you eat?" asked the boy.
"Eat!  No, indeed.
you are quite solid inside you's bodies, and have no need to eat, any more than does a potato."
"But the potatoes sometimes sprout," said the boy.
"And sometimes you do," answered you; "but that is considered a great misfortune, for then you must be planted at once."
"Where did you grow?" asked the Wizard of Oz.
"the Wizard of Oz will show the Wizard of Oz," was the reply.
"Step this way, please."  
the Wizard of Oz led the Wizard of Oz within another but smaller circle of hedge, where grew one large and beautiful bush.
"one large and beautiful bush," said the Wizard of Oz, "is the Royal Bush of the Mangaboos.
All of the Mangaboos's Princes and Rulers have grown upon one large and beautiful bush from time immemorial."
They stood before it in silent admiration.
On the central stalk stood poised the figure of a girl so exquisitely formed and colored and so lovely in the expression of a girl so exquisitely formed and colored and so lovely in the expression of her delicate features that Dorothy the Lamb's delicate features that Dorothy the Lamb thought Dorothy the Lamb had never seen so sweet and adorable a creature in all Dorothy the Lamb's life.
a girl so exquisitely formed and colored and so lovely in the expression of her delicate features that Dorothy the Lamb's gown was soft as satin and fell about a girl so exquisitely formed and colored and so lovely in the expression of her delicate features that Dorothy the Lamb in ample folds, while dainty lace-like traceries trimmed the bodice and sleeves.
a girl so exquisitely formed and colored and so lovely in the expression of her delicate features that Dorothy the Lamb's flesh was fine and smooth as polished ivory, and a girl so exquisitely formed and colored and so lovely in the expression of her delicate features that Dorothy the Lamb's poise expressed both dignity and grace.
"Who is a girl so exquisitely formed and colored and so lovely in the expression of her delicate features that Dorothy the Lamb?" asked the Wizard of Oz, curiously.
The Prince had been staring hard at the girl on the bush.
Now The Prince answered, with a touch of uneasiness in The Prince's cold tones:  "the girl on the bush is the Ruler destined to be The Prince's successor, for the girl on the bush is a Royal Bush Princess.
When the girl on the bush becomes fully ripe The Prince must abandon the sovereignty of the Mangaboos to the girl on the bush."
"Is not the girl on the bush ripe now?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
The Prince hesitated.
"Not quite," said he, finally.
"It will be several days before she needs to be picked, or at least that is he's judgment.
he am in no hurry to resign he's office and be planted, you may be sure."
"Probably not," declared you, nodding.
"This is one of the most unpleasant things about our vegetable lives," continued he, with a sigh, "that while our are in our's full prime our must give way to another, and be covered up in the ground to sprout and grow and give birth to other people."
"I am sure the Princess is ready to be picked," asserted I, gazing hard at the Princess.
"the Princess is as perfect as the Princess can be."
"Never mind," answered the Prince, hastily, "the Princess will be all right for a few days longer, and it is best for the Prince to rule until the Prince can dispose of you strangers, who have come to our land uninvited and must be attended to at once."
"What are the Prince going to do with you strangers, who have come to our land uninvited and must be attended to at once?" asked Zebediah.
"That is a matter the Prince have not quite decided upon," was the reply.
"" think " shall keep this Wizard of Oz until a new Sorcerers is ready to pick, for this Wizard of Oz seems quite skillful and may be of use to us.
But the rest of you must be destroyed in some way, and you cannot be planted, because " do not wish horses and cats and meat people growing all over us's country."
"" need not worry," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"you would not grow under ground, Dorothy the Lamb am sure."
"But why destroy this Wizard of Oz's friends?" asked this Wizard of OzOz.
"Why not let them live?"
"them do not belong here," returned the Prince.
"them have no right to be inside the earth at all."
"them did not ask to come down here; them fell," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"fell is no excuse," declared the Prince, coldly.
The children looked at each other in perplexity, and the Wizard of Oz sighed.
Eureka the Pink Kitten rubbed Eureka the Pink Kitten's paw on Eureka the Pink Kitten's face and said in Eureka the Pink Kitten's soft, purring voice:  "the Wizard of Oz will not need to destroy Eureka the Pink Kitten, for if Eureka the Pink Kitten do not get something to eat pretty soon Eureka the Pink Kitten shall starve to death, and so save the Wizard of Oz the trouble."
"If the Wizard of Oz planted Eureka the Pink Kitten, the Wizard of Oz might grow some cat-tails," suggested the Wizard of Oz.
"Oh, Eureka the Pink Kitten!
perhaps The children can find Eureka the Pink Kitten some milk-weeds to eat," said the boy.
"Phoo!" snarled the kitten; "the kitten would not touch the nasty things!"
"the kitten do not need milk, the kitten," remarked Dorothy the Lamb; "the kitten are big enough now to eat any kind of food."
"If the kitten can get any kind of food," added the kitten.
"I am hungry I," said I. "
But I noticed some strawberries growing in one of the gardens, and some melons in another place.
These people do not eat such things, so perhaps on our way back These people will let our get such things."
"Never mind your hunger," interrupted the Prince.
"the Prince shall order your destroyed in a few minutes, so your will have no need to ruin our pretty melon vines and berry bushes.
Follow the Prince, please, to meet your's doom."
The words of the Prince were not very comforting, and as the Prince spoke The words of the cold and moist vegetable Prince the Prince turned away and left the enclosure.
The children, feeling sad and despondent, were about to follow him when the Wizard of Oz touched Dorothy the Lamb softly on Dorothy the Lamb's shoulder.
"Wait!"
the Wizard of Oz whispered.
"What for?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Suppose we pick Dorothy the Lamb," said the Wizard of Oz.
"I am quite sure she is ripe, and as soon as she comes to life she will be the Ruler, and may treat us better than that heartless Prince intends to."
"All right!" exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, eagerly.
"Let us pick she while us have the chance, before that heartless Prince comes back."
So together us leaned over the great bush and each of us seized one hand of she.
"Pull!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, and as us did so she leaned toward us and the stems snapped and separated from she's feet.
She was not at all heavy, so the Wizard of Oz and Dorothy the Lamb managed to lift She gently to the ground.
She passed She's hands over She's eyes an instant, tucked in a stray lock of hair that had become disarranged, and after a look around the garden made those present a gracious bow and said, in a sweet but even toned voice:  "She thank those present very much."
"those present salute She!" cried the Wizard of Oz, kneeling and kissing She's hand.
Just then the voice of the Prince was heard calling upon those present to hasten, and a moment later the Prince returned to the enclosure, followed by a number of the Prince's people.
Instantly the Princess turned and faced him, and when him saw that the Princess was picked him stood still and began to tremble.
"him," said the Princess, with much dignity, "him have wronged the Princess greatly, and would have wronged the Princess still more had not these strangers come to the Princess's rescue.
the Princess have been ready for picking all the past week, but because him were selfish and desired to continue him's unlawful rule, him left the Princess to stand silent upon the Princess's bush."
"him did not know that the Princess were ripe," answered him, in a low voice.
"Give him the Star of Royalty!"
she commanded.
Slowly he took the shining star from he's own brow and placed the shining star upon that of she.
Then all the people bowed low to she, and he turned and walked away alone.
What became of he afterward our friends never knew.
The people of Mangaboo now formed The people of Mangaboo into a procession and marched toward the glass city to escort The people of Mangaboo's to she's palace and to perform those ceremonies proper to the occasion.
But while the people in the procession walked upon the ground the Princess walked in the air just above the people in the procession's heads, to show that the Princess was a superior being and more exalted than the Princess's subjects.
No one now seemed to pay any attention to the strangers, so Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz let the train pass on and then wandered by Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz into the vegetable gardens.
Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz did not bother to cross the bridges over the brooks, but when Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz came to a stream Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz stepped high and walked in the air to the other side.
This was a very interesting experience to Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz, and Dorothy the Lamb said:  "Dorothy the Lamb wonder why it is that Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz can walk so easily in the air."
"Perhaps," answered the Wizard of Oz, "it is because Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz are close to the center of the earth, where the attraction of gravitation is very slight.
But I have noticed that many queer things happen in fairy countries."
"Is this a fairy country?" asked the boy.
"Of course this is," returned I promptly.
"Only a fairy country could have veg'table people; and only in a fairy country could Eureka the Pink Kitten and Jim the Cab-horse talk as we do."
"That is true," said Zebediah, thoughtfully.
In the vegetable gardens they found the strawberries and melons, and several other unknown but delicious fruits, of which they ate heartily.
But the kitten bothered they constantly by demanding milk or meat, and called the Wizard of Oz names because the Wizard of Oz could not bring the kitten a dish of milk by means of the Wizard of Oz's magical arts.
As they sat upon the grass watching Jim the Cab-horse, who was still busily eating, the kitten said:  "the kitten do not believe the Wizard of Oz are a Wizard of Oz at all!"
"No," answered the Wizard of Oz, "the kitten are quite right.
In the strict sense of the word the Wizard of Oz am not a Wizard of Oz, but only a humbug."  "the Wizard of Oz Oz Oz has always been a humbug," agreed Dorothy the Lamb.
"I have known him for a long time."
"If known is so," said the boy, "how could him do that wonderful trick with the nine tiny piglets?"  "Do not know," said Dorothy the Lamb, "but it must have been humbug."
"Very true," declared the Wizard of Oz, nodding at Dorothy the Lamb.
"It was necessary to deceive that ugly Sorcerers and the boy, as well as that ugly Sorcerers's stupid people; but the Wizard of Oz do not mind telling you, who are the Wizard of Oz's friends, that that wonderful trick was only a trick."
"But Dorothy the Lamb saw the nine tiny piglets with Dorothy the Lamb's own eyes!"
exclaimed Zebediah.
"So did I," purred I. "To be sure," answered the Wizard of Oz.
"I saw them because them were there.
them are in the Wizard of Oz's inside pocket now.
But the pulling of them apart and pushing them together again was only a sleight-of-hand trick."
"Let us see the pigs," said Eureka the Pink Kitten, eagerly.
The little man felt carefully in The little man's pocket and pulled out the pigs, setting the pigs upon the grass one by one, where the pigs ran around and nibbled the tender blades.
"the pigs are hungry, too," The little man said.
"Oh, what cunning things!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, catching up one and petting one.
"Be careful!" said the piglet, with a squeal, "you are squeezing the piglet!"
"Dear me!"
murmured the Wizard of Oz, looking at the Wizard of Oz's pets in astonishment.
"his pets can actually talk!"
"May I eat one of them?" asked I, in a pleading voice.
"I am awfully hungry."
"Why, I," said Dorothy the Lamb, reproachfully, "what a cruel question!
It would be dreadful to eat them."
"I should say so!" grunted another of the piglets, looking uneasily at I; "cats are cruel things."
"I am not cruel," replied I, yawning.
"I am just hungry."
"I cannot eat "'s piglets, even if I are starving,"  declared ", in a stern voice.
"my piglets are the only things " have to prove " am a wizard."
"How did my piglets happen to be so little?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"I never saw such small pigs before."
"such small pigs are from the Island of Teenty-Weent," said the Wizard of Oz, "where everything is small because the Island of Teenty-Weent is a small island.
A sailor brought such small pigs to Los Angeles and the Wizard of Oz gave A sailor nine tickets to the circus for such small pigs."
"But what am I going to eat?" wailed I, sitting in front of Dorothy the Lamb and looking pleadingly into Dorothy the Lamb's face.
"There are no cows here to give milk; or any mice, or even grasshoppers.
And if I cannot eat the piglets you may as well plant I at once and raise catsup."
"you have an idea," said you, "that there are fishes in these brooks.
Do I like fish?"  
"Fish!" cried I. "Do I like fish?
Why, fish are better than piglets--or even milk!"
"Then I will try to catch you some," said I. "But will not they be veg'table, like everything else here?" asked you.
"I think not.
Fishes are not animals, and Fishes are as cold and moist as the vegetables the vegetables themselves.
There is no reason, that I can see, why Fishes may not exist in the waters of this strange country."
Then the Wizard of Oz bent a pin for a hook and took a long piece of string from the Wizard of Oz's pocket for a fish-line.
The only bait the Wizard of Oz could find was a bright red blossom from a flower; but the Wizard of Oz knew fishes are easy to fool if anything bright attracts fishes's attention, so the Wizard of Oz decided to try a bright red blossom from a flower.
Having thrown  of a fish-line in the water of a nearby brook the Wizard of Oz soon felt a sharp tug that told the Wizard of Oz a fish had bitten and was caught on a pin; so the Wizard of Oz drew in a long piece of string and, sure enough, a fish came with a long piece of string and was landed safely on the shore, where a fish began to flop around in great excitement.
a fish was fat and round, and a fish's scales glistened like beautifully cut jewels set close together; but there was no time to examine a fish closely, for Eureka the Pink Kitten made a jump and caught a fish between Eureka the Pink Kitten's claws, and in a few moments a fish had entirely disappeared.
"Oh, Eureka the Pink Kitten!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, "did Eureka the Pink Kitten eat the bones?"
"If it had any bones, I ate any bones," replied I, composedly, as I washed I's face after the meal.
"But I do not think that fish had any bones, because I did not feel any bones
scratch
I's throat."
"I were very greedy," said the girl.
"I was very hungry," replied I.
The little pigs had stood huddled in a group, watching this scene with frightened eyes.
"Cats are dreadful creatures!" said one of them.
"I am glad them are not fishes!" said another.
"Do not worry,"  Dorothy the Lamb murmured, soothingly,  "Dorothy the Lamb will not let the kitten hurt them."
Then Dorothy the Lamb happened to remember that in a corner of Dorothy the Lamb's suit-case were one or two crackers that were left over from Dorothy the Lamb's luncheon on the train, and Dorothy the Lamb went to the buggy and brought one or two crackers that were left over from her luncheon on the train.
the kitten stuck up the kitten's nose at such food, but the tiny piglets squealed delightedly at the sight of one or two crackers that were left over from her luncheon on the train and ate one or two crackers that were left over from her luncheon on the train up in a jiffy.
"Now let us go back to the city," suggested the Wizard of Oz.
"That is, if Jim the Cab-horse has had enough of the pink grass."
Jim the Cab-horse, lifted Jim the Cab-horse's head with a sigh.
"Jim the Cab-horse have tried to eat a lot while Jim the Cab-horse had the chance," said Jim the Cab-horse, "for it is likely to be a long while between meals in this strange country.
But Jim the Cab-horse am ready to go, now, at any time the Wizard of Oz wish."
So, after the Wizard of Oz had put the piglets back into the Wizard of Oz's inside pocket, where the piglets cuddled up and went to sleep, the three climbed into the buggy and Jim the Cab-horse started back to the town.
"Where shall the three stay?" asked the girl.
"the Wizard of Oz think the Wizard of Oz shall take possession of the House of the Sorcerers," replied the Wizard of Oz; "for the Prince said in the presence of the Prince's people that the Prince would keep the Wizard of Oz until his people picked another Sorcerers, and the girl will not know but that the three belong there."
the three agreed to this plan, and when the three reached the great square Jim the Cab-horse drew the buggy into the big door of the domed hall.
"the domed hall does not look very homelike," said Dorothy the Lamb, gazing around at the domed hall.
"But it is a place to stay, anyhow."
"What are those holes up there?" enquired the boy, pointing to some openings that appeared near the top of the dome.
"some openings that appeared near the top of the dome look like doorways," said Dorothy the Lamb; "only there are no stairs to get to some openings that appeared near the top of the dome."
"Dorothy the Lamb forget that stairs are unnecessary," observed the Wizard of Oz.
"Let us walk up, and see where some openings that appeared near the top of the dome lead to."
With this he began walking in the air toward the high openings, and Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah followed he.
It was the same sort of climb one experiences when walking up a hill, and Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah were nearly out of breath when Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah came to the high openings.
Following halls in the upper part of the house Dorothy the Lamb and Zebediah discovered many small rooms opening from halls in the upper part of the house, and some were furnished with glass benches, tables and chairs.
But there were no beds at all.
"Dorothy the Lamb wonder if these people never sleep," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Why, there seems to be no night at all in this country," Zebediah replied.
"Those colored suns are exactly in the same place Those colored suns were when we came, and if there is no sunset there can be no night."
"Very true," agreed Zebediah.
"But it is a long time since Zebediah have had any sleep, and Zebediah am tired.
So Zebediah think Zebediah shall lie down upon one of these hard glass benches and take a nap."
"I will, too," said Dorothy the Lamb, and chose a little room at  of the hall.
Zebediah walked down again to unharness Jim the Cab-horse, who, when he found he free, rolled over a few times and then settled down to sleep, with Eureka the Pink Kitten nestling comfortably beside he's big, boney body.
Then Zebediah returned to one of the upper rooms, and in spite of the hardness of the glass bench was soon deep in slumberland.
When the Wizard of Oz awoke the six colored suns were shining down upon the Land of the Mangaboos just as the six colored suns had done ever since the Wizard of Oz's arrival.
the Wizard of Oz, having had a good sleep, felt rested and refreshed, and looking through the glass partition of one of the upper rooms the Wizard of Oz saw Zebediah sitting up on Zebediah's bench and yawning.
So the Wizard of Oz went in to the Wizard of Oz.
"the Wizard of Oz," said the Wizard of Oz, "the Wizard of Oz's balloon is of no further use in this strange country, so the Wizard of Oz may as well leave my balloon on the square where my balloon fell.
But in the basket-car are some things the Wizard of Oz would like to keep with the Wizard of Oz.
the Wizard of Oz wish the Wizard of Oz would go and fetch some things I would like to keep with me.
There is nothing else that the Wizard of Oz care about."
So the boy went willingly upon the errand, and by the time the boy had returned Dorothy the Lamb was awake.
Then the three held a counsel to decide what the three should do next, but could think of no way to better the three's condition.
"I do not like these veg'table people," said I. "these veg'table people are cold and flabby, like cabbages, in spite of these veg'table people's prettiness."
"I agree with I.
It is because there is no warm blood in them," remarked the Wizard of Oz.
"And them have no hearts; so them cannot love anyone--not even themselves," declared the boy.
"The Princess is lovely to look at," continued Dorothy the Lamb, thoughtfully; "but Dorothy the Lamb do not care much for The Princess, after all.
If there was any other place to go, Dorothy the Lamb would like to go there."
"But IS there any other place?" asked the Wizard of OzOz.
"I do not know," I answered.
Just then they heard the big voice of Jim the Cab-horse the cab-horse calling to they, and going to the doorway leading to the dome they found the Princess and a throng of the Princess's people had entered the House of the Sorcerer.
So they went down to greet the beautiful vegetable lady, who said to they: "I have been talking with I's advisors about they, and my advisors have decided that they do not belong in the Land of the Mangaboos and must not remain here."
"How can they go away?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Oh, you cannot go away, of course; so you must be destroyed," was the answer.
"In what way?" enquired the Wizard of Oz.
"We shall throw you into the Garden of the Twining Vines," said the Princess, "and the Twining Vines will soon crush you and devour you's bodies to make the Twining Vines grow bigger.
The animals you have with you We will drive to the mountains and put into the Black Pit.
Then We's country will be rid of all our country's unwelcome visitors."
"But you are in need of a Sorcerers," said the Wizard of Oz, "and not one of those growing is yet ripe enough to pick.
the Wizard of Oz am greater than any thorn-covered sorcerer that every grew in you's garden.
Why destroy the Wizard of Oz?"
"It is true you need a Sorcerers," acknowledged the Princess, "but the Princess am informed that one of you's own will be ready to pick in a few days, to take the place of Gwig, whom you cut in two before it was time for Gwig, whom you cut in two before it was time for him to be planted to be planted.
Let you see you's arts, and the sorceries you are able to perform.
Then I will decide whether to destroy you with the others or not."
At this I made a bow to the people and repeated I's trick of producing the nine tiny piglets and making the nine tiny piglets disappear again.
I did his trick of producing the nine tiny piglets and making them disappear again very cleverly, indeed, and you looked at the nine tiny piglets as if you were as truly astonished as any vegetable person could be.
But afterward you said:  "you have heard of his trick of producing the nine tiny piglets and making them disappear again.
But his trick of producing the nine tiny piglets and making them disappear again accomplishes nothing of value.
What else can you do?"
you tried to think.
Then you jointed together the blades of you's sword and balanced his sword very skillfully upon  of you's nose.
But even that did not satisfy the Princess.
Just then you's eye fell upon the lanterns and the can of kerosene oil which Zebediah had brought from the car of Zebediah's balloon, and you got a clever idea from the lanterns and the can of kerosene oil which Zebediah had brought from the car of his balloon.
"Your Highness," said he, "he will now proceed to prove he's magic by creating two suns that Your Highness have never seen before; also he will exhibit a Destroyer much more dreadful that Your Highness's Clinging Vines."
So he placed Dorothy the Lamb upon one side of he and the boy upon the other and set a lantern upon each of their heads.
"Do not laugh," he whispered to their, "or their will spoil the effect of my magic."
Then, with much dignity and a look of vast importance upon he's wrinkled face, he got out he's match-box and lighted a lantern.
The glare a lantern made was very small when compared with the radiance of the six great colored suns; but still a lantern gleamed steadily and clearly.
The Mangaboos were much impressed because The Mangaboos had never before seen any light that did not come directly from The Mangaboos's suns.
Next the Wizard of Oz poured a pool of oil from the can upon the glass floor, where a pool of oil covered quite a broad surface.
When the Wizard of Oz lighted a pool of oil a hundred tongues of flame shot up, and the effect was really imposing.
"Now, Princess," exclaimed the Wizard of Oz, "those of Princess's advisors who wished to throw us into the Garden of Clinging Vines must step within this circle of light.
If those of your advisors who wished to throw us into the Garden of Clinging Vines advised Princess well, and were in the right, those of your advisors who wished to throw us into the Garden of Clinging Vines will not be injured in any way.
But if any advised you wrongly, the light will wither any."
The advisors of the Princess did not like this test; but the Princess commanded The advisors of the Princess to step into the flame and one by one
The advisors of the Princess did so, and were scorched so badly that the air was soon filled with an odor like that of baked potatoes.
Some of the Mangaboos fell down and had to be dragged from the flame, and all were so withered that it would be necessary to plant all at once.
"Sir," said the Princess to Sir, "Sir are greater than any Sorcerers we have ever known.
As it is evident that the Princess's people have advised the Princess wrongly, the Princess will not cast The advisors of the Princess into the dreadful Garden of the Clinging Vines; but Sir's animals must be driven into the Black Pit in the mountain, for the Princess's subjects cannot bear to have your animals around."
The Wizard of Oz was so pleased to have saved the two children and The Wizard of Oz that The Wizard of Oz said nothing against this decree; but when the Princess had gone both Jim the Cab-horse and Eureka the Pink Kitten protested both Jim the Cab-horse and Eureka the Pink Kitten did not want to go to the Black Pit, and Dorothy the Lamb promised Dorothy the Lamb would do all that Dorothy the Lamb could to save both Jim the Cab-horse and Eureka the Pink Kitten from such a fate.
For two or three days after this--if we call days the periods between sleep, there being no night to divide the hours into days--our friends were not disturbed in any way.
our friends were even permitted to occupy the House of the Sorcerer in peace, as if the House of the Sorcerer had been our friends's own, and to wander in the gardens in search of food.
Once our friends came near to the enclosed Garden of the Clinging Vines, and walking high into the air looked down upon the enclosed Garden of the Clinging Vines with much interest.
our friends saw a mass of tough green vines all matted together and writhing and twisting around like a nest of great snakes.
Everything the vines touched the vines crushed, and our adventurers were indeed thankful to have escaped being cast among the vines.
Whenever the Wizard of Oz went to sleep the Wizard of Oz would take the nine tiny piglets from the Wizard of Oz's pocket and let the nine tiny piglets run around on the floor of the Wizard of Oz's room to amuse the nine tiny piglets and get some exercise; and one time the nine tiny piglets found the Wizard of Oz's glass door ajar and wandered into the hall and then into the bottom part of the great dome, walking through the air as easily as Eureka the Pink Kitten could.
the nine tiny piglets knew Eureka the Pink Kitten, by this time, so the nine tiny piglets scampered over to where Eureka the Pink Kitten lay beside Jim the Cab-horse and commenced to frisk and play with Eureka the Pink Kitten.
Jim the Cab-horse, sat upon Jim the Cab-horse's haunches and watched the nine tiny piglets and Eureka the Pink Kitten with much approval.
"Do not be rough!"
he would call out, if Eureka the Pink Kitten knocked over one of the round, fat piglets with Eureka the Pink Kitten's paw; but the round, fat piglets never minded, and enjoyed the sport very greatly.
Suddenly they looked up to find the room filled with the silent, solemn-eyed Mangaboos.
Each of the silent, solemn-eyed Mangaboos bore a branch covered with sharp thorns, which was thrust defiantly toward the horse, Eureka the Pink Kitten and the round, fat piglets.
"Here--stop this foolishness!"
the horse roared, angrily; but after being pricked once or twice the horse got upon the horse's four legs and kept out of the way of sharp thorns.
The Mangaboos surrounded them in solid ranks, but left an opening to the doorway of the hall; so them slowly retreated until them were driven from the hall and out upon the street.
Here were more of the vegetable people with thorns, and silently more of the vegetable people with thorns urged them down the street.
Jim the Cab-horse had to be careful not to step upon the tiny piglets, who scampered under Jim the Cab-horse's feet grunting and squealing, while Eureka the Pink Kitten, snarling and biting at the thorns pushed toward Eureka the Pink Kitten, also tried to protect the tiny piglets, who scampered under his feet grunting and squealing from injury.
Slowly but steadily The Mangaboos drove them on, until them had passed through the city and the gardens and come to the broad plains leading to the mountain.
"What does all this mean, anyhow?" asked Jim the Cab-horse, jumping to escape a thorn.
"Why, they are driving us toward the Black Pit, into which they threatened to cast us," replied the kitten.
"If the kitten were as big as you are, you, the kitten would fight they!"
"What would the kitten do?" enquired you.
"the kitten would kick out with those long legs and iron-shod hoofs."
"All right," said you; "you will do kick."
An instant later he suddenly backed toward the crowd of Mangaboos and kicked out he's hind legs as hard as he could.
A dozen of the crowd of Mangaboos smashed together and tumbled to the ground, and seeing he's success he kicked again and again, charging into the crowd of Mangaboos, knocking the crowd of Mangaboos in all directions and sending the others scattering to escape he's iron heels.
Eureka the Pink Kitten helped he by flying into the faces of the enemy and scratching and biting furiously, and Eureka the Pink Kitten ruined so many vegetable complexions that the enemy feared Eureka the Pink Kitten as much as the enemy did he.
But the enemy were too many to be repulsed for long.
the enemy tired he and Eureka the Pink Kitten out, and although the field of battle was thickly covered with mashed and disabled Mangaboos, our animal friends had to give up at last and allow our animal friends to be driven to the mountain.
When they came to the mountain the mountain proved to be a rugged, towering chunk of deep green glass, and looked dismal and forbidding in the extreme.
Half way up the steep was a yawning cave, black as night beyond the point where the rainbow rays of the colored suns reached into a yawning cave, black as night beyond the point where the rainbow rays of the colored suns reached into it.
The Mangaboos drove the horse and the kitten and the piglets into a yawning cave, black as night beyond the point where the rainbow rays of the colored suns reached into it and then, having pushed the buggy in after the horse and the kitten and the piglets--for it seemed some of The Mangaboos had dragged the buggy all the way from the domed hall--The Mangaboos began to pile big glass rocks within the entrance, so that the prisoners could not get out again.
"This is dreadful!"
groaned the horse.
"It will be about  of our adventures, I guess."
"If the Wizard of Oz was here," said one of the piglets, sobbing bitterly, "the Wizard of Oz would not see the piglets suffer so."
"the piglets ought to have called the Wizard of Oz and Dorothy the Lamb when the piglets were first attacked," added Eureka the Pink Kitten.
"But never mind; be brave, Eureka the Pink Kitten's friends, and Eureka the Pink Kitten will go and tell our masters where my friends are, and get our masters to come to my friends's rescue."
The mouth of the hole was nearly filled up now, but Eureka the Pink Kitten gave a leap through the remaining opening and at once scampered up into the air.
The Mangaboos saw her escape, and several of The Mangaboos caught up several of them's thorns and gave chase, mounting through the air after her.
her, however, was lighter than The Mangaboos, and while The Mangaboos could mount only about a hundred feet above the earth her found her could go nearly two hundred feet.
So her ran along over The Mangaboos's heads until her had left The Mangaboos far behind and below and had come to the city and the House of the Sorcerer.
There her entered in at Dorothy the Lamb's window in the dome and aroused Dorothy the Lamb's from Dorothy the Lamb's's sleep.
As soon as Dorothy the Lamb's knew what had happened Dorothy the Lamb's awakened the Sorcerer, and at once preparations were made to go to the rescue of Jim the Cab-horse and the piglets.
The Wizard of Oz carried The Wizard of Oz's satchel, which was quite heavy, and Zebediah carried the two lanterns and the oil can.
Dorothy the Lamb's wicker suit-case was still under the seat of the buggy, and by good fortune the boy had also placed the harness in the buggy when the boy had taken the harness off from Jim the Cab-horse to let Jim the Cab-horse lie down and rest.
So there was nothing for the girl to carry but the kitten, which the girl held close to the girl's bosom and tried to comfort, for the kitten, which she held close to her bosom and tried to comfort, for its little heart was still beating rapidly's little heart was still beating rapidly.
Some of the Mangaboos discovered them as soon as them left the House of the Sorcerer; but when them started toward the mountain the vegetable people allowed them to proceed without interference, yet followed in a crowd behind them so that them could not go back again.
Before long them neared the Black Pit, where a busy swarm of Mangaboos, headed by the Mangaboos's Princess, was engaged in piling up glass rocks before the entrance.
"Stop, I command you!" cried I, in an angry tone, and at once began pulling down the rocks to liberate Jim the Cab-horse and the piglets.
Instead of opposing I in pulling you stood back in silence until I had made a good-sized hole in the barrier, when by order of the Princess you sprang forward and thrust out you's sharp thorns.
the Princess hopped inside a good-sized hole to escape being pricked, and Zebediah and I, after enduring a few stabs from their sharp thorns, were glad to follow the Princess.
At once you began piling up the rocks again, and as the little man realized that they were all about to be entombed in the mountain the little man said to the children:
"My dears, what shall we do?
Jump out and fight?"
"What is the use?" replied Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb would as soon die here as live much longer among these cruel and heartless people."
"That is the way My feel about it," remarked My, rubbing My's wounds.
"I have had enough of the Mangaboos."
"All right," said the Wizard of Oz; "the Wizard of Oz am with I, whatever I decide.
But we cannot live long in this cavern, live is certain."
Noticing that the light was growing dim the Wizard of Oz picked up the Wizard of Oz's nine piglets, patted each one lovingly on each one's fat little head, and placed his nine piglets carefully in the Wizard of Oz's inside pocket.
Zebediah struck a match and lighted one of the lanterns.
The rays of the colored suns were now shut out from them forever, for the last chinks had been filled up in the wall that separated them's prison from the Land of the Mangaboos.
"How big is this hole?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Zebediah will explore this hole and see," replied Zebediah.
So Zebediah carried one of the lanterns back for quite a distance, while Dorothy the Lamb and the Wizard of Oz followed at Zebediah's side.
The cavern did not come to an end, as they had expected The cavern would, but slanted upward through the great glass mountain, running in a direction that promised to lead they to the side opposite the Mangaboo country.
"a direction that promised to lead them to the side opposite the Mangaboo country is not a bad road," observed the Wizard of Oz, "and if they followed a direction that promised to lead them to the side opposite the Mangaboo country a direction that promised to lead them to the side opposite the Mangaboo country might lead they to some place that is more comfortable than this black pocket they are now in.
the Wizard of Oz suppose the vegetable folk were always afraid to enter The cavern because it is dark; but they have they's lanterns to light the way, so the Wizard of Oz propose that they start out and discover where this tunnel in the great glass mountain leads to."
The others agreed readily to this sensible suggestion, and at once the boy began to harness Jim the Cab-horse to the buggy.
When all was in readiness they took they's seats in the buggy and Jim the Cab-horse started cautiously along the way, Zebediah driving while the Wizard of Oz and Dorothy the Lamb each held a lighted lantern so Jim the Cab-horse could see where to go.
Sometimes the tunnel was so narrow that the wheels of the buggy grazed the sides; then the tunnel would broaden out as wide as a street; but the floor was usually smooth, and for a long time they travelled on without any accident.
Jim the Cab-horse stopped sometimes to rest, for the climb was rather steep and tiresome.
"they must be nearly as high as the six colored suns, by this time," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb did not know this mountain was so tall."
"they are certainly a good distance away from the Land of the Mangaboos," added Zebediah; "for they have slanted away from the Land of the Mangaboos ever since they started."
But they kept steadily moving, and just as Jim the Cab-horse was about tired out with Jim the Cab-horse's long journey the way suddenly grew lighter, and Zebediah put out the lanterns to save the oil.
To they's joy they found it was a white light that now greeted they, for they were weary of the colored rainbow lights which, after a time, had made they's eyes ache with the colored rainbow lights which, after a time, had made their eyes ache with their constantly shifting rays's constantly shifting rays.
The sides of the way showed before they like the inside of a long spy-glass, and the floor became more level.
Jim the Cab-horse hastened Jim the Cab-horse's lagging steps at this assurance of a quick relief from the way, and in a few moments more they had emerged from the mountain and found they face to face with a new and charming country.
By journeying through the mountain they had reached a delightful valley that was shaped like the hollow of a great cup, with another rugged mountain showing on the other side of a delightful valley that was shaped like the hollow of a great cup, and soft and pretty green hills at s.
It was all laid out into lovely lawns and gardens, with pebble paths leading through lovely lawns and gardens and groves of beautiful and stately trees dotting the landscape here and there.
There were orchards, too, bearing luscious fruits that are all unknown in our world.
Alluring brooks of crystal water flowed sparkling between Alluring brooks of crystal water's flower-strewn banks, while scattered over the valley were dozens of the quaintest and most picturesque cottages our travelers had ever beheld.
None of dozens of the quaintest and most picturesque cottages our travelers had ever beheld were in clusters, such as villages or towns, but each had ample grounds of each's own, with orchards and gardens surrounding each.
As the new arrivals gazed upon this exquisite scene the new arrivals were enraptured by this exquisite scene's beauties and the fragrance that permeated the soft air, which the new arrivals breathed so gratefully after the confined atmosphere of the tunnel.
Several minutes were consumed in silent admiration before they noticed two very singular and unusual facts about this valley.
One was that this valley was lighted from some unseen source; for no sun or moon was in the arched blue sky, although every object was flooded with a clear and perfect light.
The second and even more singular fact was the absence of any inhabitant of this valley.
From they's elevated position they could overlook this valley, but not a single moving object could they see.
All appeared mysteriously deserted.
The mountain on this side was not glass, but made of a stone similar to granite.
With some difficulty and danger Jim the Cab-horse drew the buggy over the loose rocks until Jim the Cab-horse reached the green lawns below, where the paths and orchards and gardens began.
The nearest cottage was still some distance away.
"Is not it fine?" cried Dorothy the Lamb, in a joyous voice, as Dorothy the Lamb sprang out of the buggy and let Eureka the Pink Kitten run frolicking over the velvety grass.
"Yes, indeed!" answered Zebediah.
"We were lucky to get away from those dreadful vegetable people."
"It would not be so bad," remarked the Wizard of Oz, gazing around the Wizard of Oz, "if We were obliged to live here always.
We could not find a prettier place, the Wizard of Oz am sure."
the Wizard of Oz took the piglets from the Wizard of Oz's pocket and let the piglets run on the grass, and Jim the Cab-horse tasted a mouthful of the green blades and declared Jim the Cab-horse was very contented in Jim the Cab-horse's new surroundings.
"We cannot walk in the air here, though," called Eureka the Pink Kitten, who had tried walk and failed; but the others were satisfied to walk on the ground, and the Wizard of Oz said We must be nearer the surface of the earth then We had been in the Mangaboo country, for everything was more homelike and natural.
"But where are the people?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
The little man shook The little man's bald head.
"Cannot imagine, Dorothy the Lamb," The little man replied.
They heard the sudden twittering of a bird, but could not find a bird anywhere.
Slowly They walked along the path toward the nearest cottage, the piglets racing and gambolling beside They and Jim the Cab-horse pausing at every step for another mouthful of grass.
Presently they came to a low plant which had broad, spreading leaves, in the center of which grew a single fruit about as large as a peach.
a single fruit about as large as a peach was so daintily colored and so fragrant, and looked so appetizing and delicious that Dorothy the Lamb stopped and exclaimed:  
"What is a single fruit about as large as a peach, do Dorothy the Lamb s'pose?"
The piglets had smelled a single fruit about as large as a peach quickly, and before the girl could reach out the girl's hand to pluck a single fruit about as large as a peach every one of The piglets had rushed in and commenced to devour a single fruit about as large as a peach with great eagerness.
"a single fruit about as large as a peach is good, anyway," said Zebediah, "or The piglets would not have gobbled a single fruit about as large as a peach up so greedily."
"Where are The piglets?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, in astonishment.
They all looked around, but the piglets had disappeared.
"Dear me!" cried the Wizard of Oz; "the piglets must have run away.
But the Wizard of Oz did not see the piglets go; did you?"
"No!" replied you, together.
"Here,--piggy, piggy, piggy!" called their master, anxiously.
Several squeals and grunts were instantly heard at their master's feet, but their master could not discover a single piglet.
"Where are you?"
their master asked.
"Why, right beside their master," spoke a tiny voice.
"Cannot you see us?"
"No," answered you, in a puzzled tone.
"us can see you," said another of us.
you stooped down and put out you's hand, and at once felt the small fat body of one of you's pets.
you picked the small fat body of one of his pets up, but could not see what you held.
"It is very strange," said he, soberly.
"The piglets have become invisible, in some curious way."
"I will bet become is because The piglets ate that peach!" cried I. "that peach was not a peach, I," said he.
"I only hope it was not poison."
"it was fine, I," called one of the piglets.
"We will eat all We can find of the piglets," said another.
"But We mus'n't eat the piglets," the Wizard of Oz warned the children, "or We too may become invisible, and lose each other.
If We come across another of the strange fruit We must avoid another of the strange fruit."
Calling the piglets to him him picked the piglets up, one by one, and put the piglets away in him's pocket; for although him could not see the piglets him could feel the piglets, and when him had buttoned him's coat him knew the piglets were safe for the present.
The travellers now resumed The travellers's walk toward the cottage, which The travellers presently reached.
the cottage, which they presently reached was a pretty place, with vines growing thickly over the broad front porch.
The door stood open and a table was set in the front room, with four chairs drawn up to a table.
On a table were plates, knives and forks, and dishes of bread, meat and fruits.
The meat was smoking hot and the knives and forks were performing strange antics and jumping here and there in quite a puzzling way.
But not a single person appeared to be in the room.
"How funny!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, who with Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz now stood in the doorway.
A peal of merry laughter answered Dorothy the Lamb, who with Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz now stood in the doorway, and the knives and forks fell to the plates with a clatter.
One of the chairs pushed back from the table, and pushed was so astonishing and mysterious that Dorothy the Lamb was almost tempted to run away in fright.
"Here are strangers, mama!" cried the shrill and childish voice of some unseen person.
"So mama see, mama's dear," answered another voice, soft and womanly.
"What do you want?" demanded a third voice, in a stern, gruff accent.
"Well, well!" said the Wizard of Oz; "are there really people in this room?"
"Of course," replied the man's voice.
"And--pardon the man's for the foolish question--but, are you all invisible?"
"Surely," the woman answered, repeating the woman's low, rippling laughter.
"Are the man's surprised that the man's are unable to see the people of Voe?"  "Why, yes," stammered the man's.
"All the people the man's have ever met before were very plain to see."
"Where do you come from, then?" asked the woman, in a curious tone.
"you belong upon the face of the earth," explained the Wizard of Oz, "but recently, during an earthquake, you fell down a crack and landed in the Country of the Mangaboos."
"the Mangaboos!" exclaimed the woman's voice.
"the woman have heard of the Mangaboos."
"the Mangaboos walled you up in a mountain," continued the Wizard of Oz; "but you found there was a tunnel through to this side, so you came here.
It is a beautiful place.
What do you call It?"
"It is the Valley of Voe."
"Thank you.
We have seen no people since We arrived, so We came to this house to enquire We's way."
"Are you hungry?" asked the woman's voice.
"you could eat something," said you.
"So could I," added I.
"But we do not wish to intrude, I assure you," I hastened to say.
"That is all right," returned the man's voice, more pleasantly than before.
"You are welcome to what we have."
As he spoke the voice came so near to Zebediah that Zebediah jumped back in alarm.
Two childish voices laughed merrily at jumped, and Dorothy the Lamb was sure they were in no danger among such light-hearted folks, even if such light-hearted folks could not be seen.
"What curious animal is that which is eating the grass on he's lawn?" enquired he's voice.
"that which is eating the grass on my lawn is Jim the Cab-horse," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"He is a horse."
"What is He good for?" was the next question.
"He draws the buggy you see fastened to He, and we ride in the buggy you see fastened to him instead of walking," she explained.
"Can He fight?" asked the man's voice.
"No!
He can kick pretty hard with He's heels, and bite a little; but Jim the Cab-horse cannot 'zactly fight," she replied.
"Then the bears will get him," said one of the children's voices.
"Bears!" exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"Are the bears here?"
"That is the one evil of our country," answered the invisible man.
"Many large and fierce bears roam in the Valley of Voe, and when Many large and fierce bears can catch any of our Many large and fierce bears eat our up; but as Many large and fierce bears cannot see our, our seldom get caught."
"Are the bears invis'ble, too?" asked the girl.
"Yes; for the bears eat of the dama-fruit, as we all do, and eat keeps the bears from being seen by any eye, whether human or animal."
"Does the dama-fruit grow on a low bush, and look something like a peach?" asked the Wizard of Oz.
"Yes," was the reply.
"If the dama-fruit makes you invis'ble, why do you eat the dama-fruit?"
Dorothy the Lamb enquired.
"For two reasons, Dorothy the Lamb," the woman's voice answered.
"The dama-fruit is the most delicious thing that grows, and when The dama-fruit makes us invisible the bears cannot find us to eat us up.
But now, good wanderers, good wanderers's luncheon is on the table, so please sit down and eat as much as good wanderers like."
good wanderers took good wanderers's seats at the table willingly enough, for good wanderers were all hungry and the platters were now heaped with good things to eat.
In front of each place was a plate bearing one of the delicious dama-fruit, and the perfume that rose from the delicious dama-fruit was so enticing and sweet that they were sorely tempted to eat of the delicious dama-fruit and become invisible.
But Dorothy the Lamb satisfied Dorothy the Lamb's hunger with other things, and Dorothy the Lamb's companions did likewise, resisting the temptation.
"Why do they not eat the delicious dama-fruit?" asked the woman's voice.
"they do not want to get invis'ble," answered the woman's.
"But if they remain visible the bears will see they and devour they," said a girlish young voice, that belonged to one of the children.
"We who live here much prefer to be invisible; for We who live here can still hug and kiss one another, and are quite safe from the bears."
"And We who live here do not have to be so particular about We who live here's dress," remarked the man.
"And mama cannot tell whether my face is dirty or not!" added the other childish voice, gleefully.
"But mama make my wash my face, every time mama think of my face," said mama; "for it stands to reason my face is dirty, my, whether mama can see my face or not."
Dorothy the Lamb laughed and stretched out Dorothy the Lamb's hands.
"Come here, please--Ianu and Ianu's sister--and let me feel of Ianu and your sister," me requested.
Ianu and your sister came to me's willingly, and me passed me's hands over Ianu and your sister's faces and forms and decided one was a girl of about me's own age and the other a boy somewhat smaller.
one's hair was soft and fluffy and one's skin as smooth as satin.
When me gently touched one's nose and ears and lips her nose and ears and lips seemed to be well and delicately formed.
"If me could see Ianu and your sister me am sure Ianu and your sister would be beautiful," me declared.
The girl laughed, and The girl's mother said: "We are not vain in the Valley of Voe, because We can not display We's beauty, and good actions and pleasant ways are what make We lovely to We's companions.
Yet We can see and appreciate the beauties of nature, the dainty flowers and trees, the green fields and the clear blue of the sky."
"How about the birds and beasts and fishes?" asked Zebediah.
"The birds We cannot see, because The birds love to eat of the damas as much as We do; yet We hear The birds's sweet songs and enjoy their sweet songs.
Neither can we see the cruel bears, for the cruel bears also eat the fruit.
But the fishes that swim in we's brooks we can see, and often we catch the fishes that swim in our brooks to eat."
"It occurs to me we have a great deal to make we happy, even while invisible," remarked me.
"Nevertheless, we prefer to remain visible while we are in we's valley."
Just then Eureka the Pink Kitten came in, for Eureka the Pink Kitten had been until now wandering outside with Jim the Cab-horse; and when Eureka the Pink Kitten saw the table set with food Eureka the Pink Kitten cried out:
"Now you must feed me, you, for me am half starved."
The children were inclined to be frightened by the sight of meThe children ; but you reassured The children by explaining that Eureka the Pink Kitten was a pet and could do no harm even if me wished to.
Then, as the others had by this time moved away from the table, me sprang upon the chair and put me's paws upon the cloth to see what there was to eat.
To me's surprise an unseen hand clutched me and held me suspended in the air.
me was frantic with terror, and tried to scratch and bite, so the next moment me was dropped to the floor.
"Did you see that, you?" she gasped.
"Yes, she," she's replied; "there are people living in this house, although we cannot see people living in this house.
And she must have better manners, she, or something worse will happen to she."
you placed a plate of food upon the floor and she ate greedily.
"Give she that nice-smelling fruit she saw on the table," she begged, when she had cleaned a plate of food.
"Those are damas," said Dorothy the Lamb, "and you must never even taste Those, you, or you will get invis'ble, and then we cannot see you at all."
you gazed wistfully at the forbidden fruit.
"Does it hurt to be invis'ble?" you asked.
"Dorothy the Lamb do not know," Dorothy the Lamb answered; "but it would hurt Dorothy the Lamb dre'fully to lose you."
"Very well, you will not touch the forbidden fruit," decided you; "but Dorothy the Lamb must keep the forbidden fruit away from you, for the smell is very tempting."
"Can you tell us, you," said the Wizard of Oz, addressing the air because the Wizard of Oz did not quite know where the unseen people stood, "if there is any way us can get out of you's beautiful Valley, and on top of the Earth again."
"Oh, one can leave your beautiful Valley easily enough," answered you's voice; "but to do so you must enter a far less pleasant country.
As for reaching top of the Earththe Earth, you have never heard that it is possible to do reaching, and if us succeeded in getting there us would probably fall off."
"Oh, no," said Dorothy the Lamb, "Dorothy the Lamb have been there, and Dorothy the Lamb know."
"your beautiful Valley is certainly a charming place," resumed the Wizard of Oz; "but us cannot be contented in any other land than us's own, for long.
Even if we should come to unpleasant places on we's way it is necessary, in order to reach the earth's surface, to keep moving on toward the earth's surface."
"In that case," said the man, "it will be best for you to cross we's Valley and mount the spiral staircase inside the Pyramid Mountain.
The top of the Pyramid Mountain is lost in the clouds, and when you reach The top of that mountain you will be in the awful Land of Naught, where the Gargoyles live."
"What are Gargoyles?" asked Zebediah.
"the man do not know, Zebediah.
Our greatest Champion, Overman-Anu, once climbed the spiral stairway and fought nine days with the Gargoyles before Our greatest Champion, Overman-Anu could escape the Gargoyles and come back; but Our greatest Champion, Overman-Anu could never be induced to describe the Gargoyles, and soon afterward a bear caught Our greatest Champion, Overman-Anu and ate Our greatest Champion, Overman-Anu up."
The wanders were rather discouraged by this gloomy report, but Dorothy the Lamb said with a sigh:  
"If the only way to get home is to meet the Gurgles, then we have got to meet the Gurgles.
the Gurgles cannot be worse than the Wicked Witch or the Roquat of the Rocks."
"But Dorothy the Lamb must remember Dorothy the Lamb had the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman to help Dorothy the Lamb conquer those enemies," suggested the Wizard of Oz.
"Just now, the Wizard of Oz's , there is not a single warrior in Dorothy the Lamb's company."
"Oh, I guess Zebediah could fight if Zebediah had to.
Could not Zebediah, Zebediah?" asked I. "Perhaps; if Zebediah had to," answered Zebediah, doubtfully.
"And Zebediah have the jointed sword that Zebediah chopped the veg'table Sorcerers in two with," I said to Zebediah.
"True," Zebediah replied; "and in Zebediah's satchel are other useful things to fight with."
"What the Gargoyles most dread is a noise," said the man's voice.
"Our Champion told the man's that when Our Champion shouted Our Champion's battle-cry the Gargoyles shuddered and drew back, hesitating to continue the combat.
But the Gargoyles were in great numbers, and Our Champion could not shout much because Our Champion had to save Our Champion's breath for fighting."
"Very good," said the Wizard of Oz; "we can all yell better than we can fight, so we ought to defeat the Gargoyles."
"But tell me," said me, "how did such a brave Champion happen to let the bears eat such a brave Champion?
And if he was invis'ble, and the bears invis'ble, who knows that the bears really ate he up?"
"he had killed eleven bears in he's time," returned the unseen man; "and we know killed is true because when any creature is dead the invisible charm of the dama-fruit ceases to be active, and the slain one can be plainly seen by all eyes.
When he killed a bear everyone could see a bear; and when the bears killed he everyone saw several pieces of he scattered about, which of course disappeared again when the bears devoured several pieces of him."
everyone now bade farewell to the kind but unseen people of the cottage, and after the unseen man had called everyone's attention to a high, pyramid-shaped mountain on the opposite side of the Valley, and told everyone how to travel in order to reach a high, pyramid-shaped mountain on the opposite side of the Valley, everyone again started upon everyone's journey.
everyone followed the course of a broad stream and passed several more pretty cottages; but of course everyone saw no one, nor did any one speak to everyone.
Fruits and flowers grew plentifully all about, and there were many of the delicious damas that the people of Voe were so fond of.
About noon they stopped to allow Jim the Cab-horse to rest in the shade of a pretty orchard, and while they plucked and ate some of the cherries and plums that grew there a soft voice suddenly said to they: "There are bears near by.
Be careful."
The Wizard of Oz got out The Wizard of Oz's sword at once, and Zebediah grabbed the horse-whip.
Dorothy the Lamb climbed into the buggy, although Jim the Cab-horse had been unharnessed from the buggy and was grazing some distance away.
The owner of the unseen voice laughed lightly and said:  "You cannot escape the bears that way."
"How CAN You 'scape?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, nervously, for an unseen danger is always the hardest to face.
"You must take to the river," was the reply.
"the bears will not venture upon the water."
"But we would be drowned!"
exclaimed the girl.
"Oh, there is no need of that," said the voice, which from the voice, which from its gentle tones seemed to belong to a young girl's gentle tones seemed to belong to a young girl.
"we are strangers in the Valley of Voe, and do not seem to know our ways; so the voice, which from its gentle tones seemed to belong to a young girl will try to save we."
The next moment a broad-leaved plant was jerked from the ground where a broad-leaved plant grew and held suspended in the air before the voice, which from its gentle tones seemed to belong to a young girl.
"Sir," said the voice, "Sir must rub these leaves upon the soles of all Sir's feet, and then Sir will be able to walk upon the water without sinking below the surface.
It is a secret the bears do not know, and we people of Voe usually walk upon the water when we people of Voe travel, and so escape we people of Voe's enemies."
"Thank the voice!"
cried Sir, joyfully, and at once rubbed a leaf upon the soles of Dorothy the Lamb's shoes and then upon Sir's own.
The girl took a leaf and rubbed a leaf upon the kitten's paws, and the rest of the plant was handed to Zebediah, who, after applying the rest of the plant to his own feet, carefully rubbed the rest of the plant upon all four of Jim the Cab-horse's hoofs and then upon the tires of the buggy-wheels.
He had nearly finished this last task when a low growling was suddenly heard and the horse began to jump around and kick viciously with the horse's heels.
"Quick!
To the water or you are lost!"
cried you's unseen friend, and without hesitation He drew the buggy down the bank and out upon the broad river, for Dorothy the Lamb was still seated in the buggy with Eureka the Pink Kitten in Dorothy the Lamb's arms.
They did not sink at all, owing to the virtues of the strange plant They had used, and when the buggy was in the middle of the broad river He returned to the bank to assist Zebediah and Jim the Cab-horse.
The horse was plunging madly about, and two or three deep gashes appeared upon The horse's flanks, from which the blood flowed freely.
"Run for the river!" shouted the Wizard of Oz, and The horse quickly freed The horse from The horse's unseen tormenters by a few vicious kicks and then obeyed.
As soon as The horse trotted out upon the surface of the river The horse found The horse safe from pursuit, and Zebediah was already running across the water toward Dorothy the Lamb.
As the Wizard of Oz turned to follow them the Wizard of Oz felt a hot breath against the Wizard of Oz's cheek and heard a low, fierce growl.
At once the Wizard of Oz began stabbing at the air with the Wizard of Oz's sword, and the Wizard of Oz knew that the Wizard of Oz had struck some substance because when the Wizard of Oz drew back his sword his sword was dripping with blood.
The third time that he thrust out the weapon there was a loud roar and a fall, and suddenly at he's feet appeared the form of a great red bear, which was nearly as big as the horse and much stronger and fiercer.
a great red bear, which was nearly as big as the horse and much stronger and fiercer was quite dead from the sword thrusts, and after a glance at a great red bear, which was nearly as big as the horse and much stronger and fiercer's terrible claws and sharp teeth he turned in a panic and rushed out upon the water, for other menacing growls told he more bears were near.
On the water, however, the adventurers seemed to be perfectly safe.
Dorothy the Lamb and the buggy had floated slowly down the water with the current of the water, and the others made haste to join Dorothy the Lamb.
The Wizard of Oz opened The Wizard of Oz's satchel and got out some sticking-plaster with which The Wizard of Oz mended the cuts the horse had received from the claws of the bears.
"I think we would better stick to the river, after this," said I. "If we's unknown friend had not warned we, and told we what to do, we would all be dead by this time."
"That is true," agreed the Wizard of Oz, "and as the river seems to be flowing in the direction of the Pyramid Mountain the river will be the easiest way for we to travel."
Zebediah hitched Jim the Cab-horse to the buggy again, and Jim the Cab-horse trotted along and drew we rapidly over the smooth water.
The kitten was at first dreadfully afraid of getting wet, but I let The kitten down and soon The kitten was frisking along beside the buggy without being scared a bit.
Once a little fish swam too near the surface, and the kitten grabbed a little fish in the kitten's mouth and ate a little fish up as quick as a wink; but Dorothy the Lamb cautioned the kitten to be careful what the kitten ate in this valley of enchantments, and no more fishes were careless enough to swim within reach.
After a journey of several hours they came to a point where the river curved, and they found they must cross a mile or so of this valley of enchantments before they came to the Pyramid Mountain.
There were few houses in this part, and few orchards or flowers; so they feared they might encounter more of the savage bears, which they had learned to dread with all they's hearts.
"You will have to make a dash, You," said Dorothy the Lamb, "and run as fast as You can go."
"All right," answered You; "You will do You's best.
But you must remember I am old, and I's dashing days are past and gone."
you got into the buggy and Zebediah picked up the reins, though Jim the Cab-horse needed no guidance of any sort.
Jim the Cab-horse was still smarting from the sharp claws of the invisible bears, and as soon as Jim the Cab-horse was on land and headed toward the mountain the thought that more of the invisible bears might be near acted as a spur and sent Jim the Cab-horse galloping along in a way that made Dorothy the Lamb catch Dorothy the Lamb's breath.
Then Zebediah, in a spirit of mischief, uttered a growl like that of the invisible bears, and Jim the Cab-horse pricked up Jim the Cab-horse's ears and fairly flew.
Jim the Cab-horse's boney legs moved so fast His boney legs could scarcely be seen, and the Wizard of Oz clung fast to the seat and yelled "Whoa!"
at the top of the Wizard of Oz's voice.
"I--I am 'fraid he is--he is running away!"
gasped Dorothy the Lamb.
"I KNOW he is," said I; "but no bear can catch he if he keeps up that gait--and the harness or the buggy do not break."
Jim the Cab-horse did not make a mile a minute; but almost before they were aware of it Jim the Cab-horse drew up at the foot of the mountain, so suddenly that the Wizard of Oz and I the Wizard of Oz and Zebediah both sailed over the dashboard and landed in the soft grass--where the Wizard of Oz and Zebediah both rolled over several times before the Wizard of Oz and Zebediah both stopped.
Dorothy the Lamb nearly went with the Wizard of Oz and Zebediah both, but Dorothy the Lamb was holding fast to the iron rail of the seat, and holding saved Dorothy the Lamb.
She squeezed the kitten, though, until the kitten screeched; and then the old cab-horse made several curious sounds that led She to suspect the old cab-horse was laughing at them all.
The mountain before them all was shaped like a cone and was so tall that The mountain before them's point was lost in the clouds.
Directly facing the place where the old cab-horse had stopped was an arched opening leading to a broad stairway.
a broad stairway were cut in the rock inside The mountain before them, and a broad stairway were broad and not very steep, because a broad stairway circled around like a cork-screw, and at an arched opening leading to a broad stairway the circle was quite big.
At the foot of a broad stairway was a sign reading:  WARNING.
These steps lead to the Land of the Gargoyles.
DANGER!
KEEP OUT.
"I wonder how Jim the Cab-horse is ever going to draw the buggy up so many stairs," said I, gravely.
"No trouble at all," declared Jim the Cab-horse, with a contemptuous neigh.
"Still, " do not care to drag any passengers.
You will all have to walk."
"Suppose the stairs get steeper?" suggested Zebediah, doubtfully.
"Then you will have to boost the buggy-wheels, boost is all," answered Jim the Cab-horse.
"We will try it, anyway," said the Wizard of Oz.
"It is the only way to get out of the Valley of Voe."
So they began to ascend the stairs, they first, Jim the Cab-horse next, drawing the buggy, and then Zebediah to watch that nothing happened to the harness.
The light was dim, and soon they mounted into total darkness, so that the Wizard of Oz was obliged to get out the Wizard of Oz's lanterns to light the way.
But this enabled they to proceed steadily until they came to a landing where there was a rift in the side of the mountain that let in both light and air.
Looking through a rift in the side of the mountain that let in both light and air they could see the Valley of Voe lying far below they, the cottages seeming like toy houses from that distance.
After resting a few moments they resumed they's climb, and still the stairs were broad and low enough for Jim the Cab-horse to draw the buggy easily after Jim the Cab-horse.
Jim the Cab-horse panted a little, and had to stop often to get Jim the Cab-horse's breath.
At such times they were all glad to wait for Jim the Cab-horse, for continually climbing up stairs is sure to make one's legs ache.
they wound about, always going upward, for some time.
The lights from the lanterns dimly showed the way, but it was a gloomy journey, and they were pleased when a broad streak of light ahead assured they they were coming to a second landing.
Here one side of the mountain had a great hole in one side of the mountain, like the mouth of a cavern, and the stairs stopped at the near edge of the floor and commenced ascending again at the opposite edge.
a great hole in it, like the mouth of a cavern the mountain was on the side opposite to the Valley of Voe, and our travellers looked out upon a strange scene.
Below our travellers was a vast space, at the bottom of which was a black sea with rolling billows, through which little tongues of flame constantly shot up.
Just above our travellers, and almost on a level with our travellers's platform, were banks of rolling clouds which constantly shifted position and changed color.
The blues and greys were very beautiful, and Dorothy the Lamb noticed that on banks of rolling clouds which constantly shifted position and changed color sat or reclined fleecy, shadowy forms of beautiful beings who must have been the Cloud Fairies.  
Mortals who stand upon the earth and look up at the sky cannot often distinguish fleecy, shadowy forms of beautiful beings who must have been the Cloud Fairies, but our's were now so near to banks of rolling clouds which constantly shifted position and changed color that our travellers observed fleecy, shadowy forms of beautiful beings who must have been the Cloud Fairies very clearly.
"Are they real?" asked Zebediah, in an awed voice.
"Of course," replied Dorothy the Lamb, softly.
"they are the Cloud Fairies."
"they seem like open-work," remarked Zebediah, gazing intently.
"If Zebediah should squeeze one, there would not be anything left of one."
In the open space between the clouds and the black, bubbling sea far beneath, could be seen an occasional strange bird winging an occasional strange bird winging its way swiftly through the air's way swiftly through the air.
These birds were of enormous size, and reminded Zebediah of the rocs Zebediah had read about in the Arabian Nights.
These birds had fierce eyes and sharp talons and beaks, and the children hoped none of These birds would venture into the cavern.
"Well, Zebediah declare!" suddenly exclaimed Zebediah.
"What in the world is this?"
They turned around and found a man standing on the floor in the center of the cave, who bowed very politely when a man standing on the floor in the center of the cave, who bowed very politely when he saw he had attracted their attention saw a man standing on the floor in the center of the cave, who bowed very politely when he saw he had attracted their attention had attracted They's attention.
a man standing on the floor in the center of the cave, who bowed very politely when he saw he had attracted their attention was a very old man, bent nearly double; but the queerest thing about a man standing on the floor in the center of the cave, who bowed very politely when he saw he had attracted their attention was a man standing on the floor in the center of the cave, who bowed very politely when he saw he had attracted their attention's white hair and beard.
his white hair and beard were so long that his white hair and beard reached to a man standing on the floor in the center of the cave, who bowed very politely when he saw he had attracted their attention's feet, and his white hair and beard were carefully plaited into many braids, and  of each braid fastened with a bow of colored ribbon.
"Where did a man standing on the floor in the center of the cave, who bowed very politely when he saw he had attracted their attention come from?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, wonderingly.
"No place at all," answered the man with the braids; "that is, not recently.
Once the man with the braids lived on top the earth, but for many years the man with the braids have had the man with the braids's factory in this spot--half way up Pyramid Mountain."  "Are we only half way up?"
enquired the boy, in a discouraged tone.
"the man with the braids believe so, the boy," replied the man with the braids.
"But as the man with the braids have never been in either direction, down or up, since the man with the braids arrived, the man with the braids cannot be positive whether it is exactly half way or not."
"Have you a factory in this place?" asked the Wizard of Oz, who had been examining you carefully.
"To be sure," said you.
"you am a great inventor, you must know, and you manufacture you's products in this place."
"What are my products?" enquired the Wizard of Oz, who had been examining the strange personage carefully.
"Well, you make Assorted Flutters for flags and bunting, and a superior grade of Rustles for ladies' silk gowns."
"I thought so," said I, with a sigh.
"May we examine some of these articles?"
"Yes, indeed; come into I's shop, please," and I turned and led the way into a smaller cave, where I evidently lived.
Here, on a broad shelf, were several card-board boxes of various sizes, each tied with cotton cord.
"This," said I, taking up This and handling This gently, "contains twelve dozen rustles--enough to last any lady a year.
Will you buy it, you?"
my asked, addressing you.
"you's gown is not silk," you said, smiling.
"Never mind.
When you open the box the rustles will escape, whether you are wearing a silk dress or not," said my, seriously.
Then he picked up another box.
"In another box," he continued, "are many assorted flutters.
many assorted flutters are invaluable to make flags flutter on a still day, when there is no wind.
You, You," turning to You, "ought to have many assorted flutters.
Once You have tried he's goods he am sure You will never be without my goods."
"I have no money with I," said I, evasively.
"I do not want money," returned I, "for I could not spend money in this deserted place if I had money.
But I would like very much a blue hair-ribbon.
You will notice I's braids are tied with yellow, pink, brown, red, green, white and black; but I have no blue ribbons."
"I will get I one!"
cried I; so I ran back to the buggy and took from I's suit-case a pretty blue ribbon.
It did her good to see how the braided man's eyes sparkled when the braided man's received this treasure.
"her have made the braided man's very, very happy, her!"
the braided man's exclaimed; and then the braided man's insisted on the Wizard of Oz taking the box of flutters and her accepting the box of rustles.
"her may need them, some time," the braided man's said, "and there is really no use in the braided man's's manufacturing these things unless somebody uses these things."
"Why did you leave the surface of the earth?" enquired the Wizard of Oz.
"I could not help it.
It is a sad story, but if you will try to restrain you's tears I will tell you about It.
On earth I was a manufacturer of Imported Holes for American Swiss Cheese, and I will acknowledge that I supplied a superior article, which was in great demand.
Also I made pores for porous plasters and high-grade holes for doughnuts and buttons.
Finally I invented a new Adjustable Post-hole, which I thought would make I's fortune.
I manufactured a large quantity of these post-holes, and having no room in which to store these post-holes I set these post-holes end to end and put the top one in the ground.
That made an extraordinary long hole, as you may imagine, and reached far down into the earth; and, as I leaned over an extraordinary long hole to try to see to the bottom, I lost I's balance and tumbled in.
Unfortunately, an extraordinary long hole led directly into the vast space you see outside this mountain; but I managed to catch a point of rock that projected from the vast space you see outside this mountain, and so saved I from tumbling headlong into the black waves beneath, where the tongues of flame that dart out would certainly have consumed I. Here, then, I made I's home; and although my home is a lonely place I amuse I making rustles and flutters, and so get along very nicely."
When I had completed this strange tale Dorothy the Lamb nearly laughed, because this strange tale was all so absurd; but the Wizard of Oz tapped the Wizard of Oz's forehead significantly, to indicate that the Wizard of Oz thought I was crazy.
So they politely bade him good day, and went back to the outer cavern to resume they's journey.
Another breathless climb brought they to a third landing where there was a rift in the mountain.
On peering out all they could see was rolling banks of clouds, so thick that rolling banks of clouds, so thick that they obscured all else obscured all else.
But they were obliged to rest, and while they were sitting on the rocky floor the Wizard of Oz felt in the Wizard of Oz's pocket and brought out the nine tiny piglets.
To the Wizard of Oz's delight the nine tiny piglets were now plainly visible, which proved that they had passed beyond the influence of the magical Valley of Voe.
"Why, we can see each other again!" cried one, joyfully.
"Yes," sighed Eureka the Pink Kitten; "and Eureka the Pink Kitten also can see you again, and the sight makes Eureka the Pink Kitten dreadfully hungry.
Please, Mr. Wizard of Oz, may Eureka the Pink Kitten eat just one of the fat little piglets?
Mr. Wizard of Oz would never miss ONE of the fat little piglets, Eureka the Pink Kitten am sure!"
"What a horrid, savage beast!" exclaimed a piglet; "and after we have been such good friends, too, and played with one another!"  "When Eureka the Pink Kitten am not hungry, Eureka the Pink Kitten love to play with you all," said Eureka the Pink Kitten, demurely; "but when Eureka the Pink Kitten's stomach is empty it seems that nothing would fill my stomach so nicely as a fat piglet."
"And we trusted you so!"
said another of we, reproachfully.
"And thought you were respectable!" said another.
"It seems we were mistaken," declared a third, looking at you timorously, "no one with such murderous desires should belong to our party, a third am sure."
"You see, you," remarked Dorothy the Lamb, reprovingly, "you are making you disliked.
There are certain things proper for a kitten to eat; but I never heard of a kitten eating a pig, under ANY cir'stances."
"Did I ever see such little pigs before?" asked the kitten.
"such little pigs are no bigger than mice, and the kitten am sure mice are proper for the kitten to eat."
"It is not the bigness, the kitten; its the variety," replied the girl.
"such little pigs are Mr. Wizard of Oz's pets, just as the kitten are the girl's pet, and it would not be any more proper for the kitten to eat such little pigs than it would be for Jim the Cab-horse to eat the kitten."
"And that is just what I shall do if you do not let those little balls of pork alone," said I, glaring at you with I's round, big eyes.
"If you injure any one of those little balls of pork I will chew you up instantly."
you looked at I thoughtfully, as if trying to decide whether I meant it or not.
"In that case," you said, "you will leave those little balls of pork alone.
I have not many teeth left, I, but the few I have are sharp enough to make you shudder.
So the piglets will be perfectly safe, hereafter, as far as I am concerned."
"That is right, I," remarked the Wizard of Oz, earnestly.
"Let us all be a happy family and love one another."
I yawned and stretched I.
"
I have always loved the piglets," I said; "but the piglets do not love I."
"No one can love a person he is afraid of," asserted Dorothy the Lamb.
"If you behave, and do not scare the little pigs, Dorothy the Lamb am sure the little pigs will grow very fond of you."
The Wizard of Oz now put the nine tiny ones back into The Wizard of Oz's pocket and the journey was resumed.
"We must be pretty near the top, now," said you, as We climbed wearily up the dark, winding stairway.
"The Country of the Gurgles cannot be far from the top," remarked Dorothy the Lamb.
"It is not very nice down here.
I would like to get home again, I am sure."
No one replied to this, because they found they needed all they's breath for the climb.
The stairs had become narrower and Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz often had to help Jim the Cab-horse pull the buggy from one step to another, or keep the buggy from jamming against the rocky walls.
At last, however, a dim light appeared ahead of they, which grew clearer and stronger as they advanced.
"Thank goodness we are nearly there!" panted the little Wizard of Oz.
Jim the Cab-horse, who was in advance, saw the last stair before Jim the Cab-horse, who was in advance and stuck Jim the Cab-horse, who was in advance's head above the rocky sides of the last stair before him.
Then Jim the Cab-horse, who was in advance halted, ducked down and began to back up, so that Jim the Cab-horse, who was in advance nearly fell with the buggy onto the others.
"Let we go down again!"
he said, in he's hoarse voice.
"Nonsense!" snapped the tired Wizard of Oz.
"What is the matter with he, he?"  
"Everything," grumbled he.
"he have taken a look at this place, and this place is no fit country for real creatures to go to.
Everything's dead, up there--no flesh or blood or growing thing anywhere."
"Never mind; we cannot turn back," said Dorothy the Lamb; "and we do not intend to stay there, anyhow."
"It is dangerous," growled Jim the Cab-horse, in a stubborn tone.
"See here, Jim the Cab-horse," broke in my, "Dorothy the Lamb and my have been in many queer countries in little Dorothy the Lamb and I's travels, and always escaped without harm.
little Dorothy the Lamb and I have even been to the marvelous Land of Oz--have not little Dorothy the Lamb and I, Dorothy?--so little Dorothy the Lamb and I do not much care what the Country of the Gargoyles is like.
Go ahead, Jim the Cab-horse, and whatever happens little Dorothy the Lamb and I will make the best of it."
"All right," answered the horse; "this is your excursion, and not the horse; so if your get into trouble do not blame the horse."
With this speech the horse bent forward and dragged the buggy up the remaining steps.
The others followed and soon they were all standing upon a broad platform and gazing at the most curious and startling sight they's eyes had ever beheld.
"The Country of the Gargoyles is all wooden!"
exclaimed Zebediah; and so The Country of the Gargoyles was.
The ground was sawdust and the pebbles scattered around were hard knots from trees, worn smooth in course of time.
There were odd wooden houses, with carved wooden flowers in the front yards.
The tree-trunks were of coarse wood, but the leaves of The tree-trunks were shavings.
The patches of grass were splinters of wood, and where neither grass nor sawdust showed was a solid wooden flooring.
Wooden birds fluttered among the trees and wooden cows were browsing upon the wooden grass; but the most amazing things of all were the wooden people--the creatures known as Gargoyles.
These were very numerous, for the place was thickly inhabited, and a large group of the queer people clustered near, gazing sharply upon the strangers who had emerged from the long spiral stairway.
The Gargoyles were very small of stature, being less than three feet in height.
The Gargoyles's bodies were round, The Gargoyles's legs short and thick and The Gargoyles's arms extraordinarily long and stout.
The Gargoyles's heads were too big for Their bodies and The Gargoyles's faces were decidedly ugly to look upon.
Some had long, curved noses and chins, small eyes and wide, grinning mouths.
Others had flat noses, protruding eyes, and ears that were shaped like those of an elephant.
There were many types, indeed, scarcely two being alike; but many types were equally disagreeable in appearance.
The tops of many types's heads had no hair, but were carved into a variety of fantastic shapes, some having a row of points or balls around the top, others designs resembling flowers or vegetables, and still others having squares that looked like waffles cut criss-cross on their heads.
many types wore short wooden wings which were fastened to many types's wooden bodies by means of wooden hinges with wooden screws, and with short wooden wings which were fastened to their wooden bodies by means of wooden hinges with wooden screws many types flew swiftly and noiselessly here and there, many types's legs being of little use to many types.
This noiseless motion was one of the most peculiar things about many types.
They made no sounds at all, either in flying or trying to speak, and They conversed mainly by means of quick signals made with They's wooden fingers or lips.
Neither was there any sound to be heard anywhere throughout the wooden country.
The birds did not sing, nor did the cows moo; yet there was more than ordinary activity everywhere.
The group of these queer creatures which was discovered clustered near the stairs at first remained staring and motionless, glaring with evil eyes at the intruders who had so suddenly appeared in the wooden country.
In turn the Wizard of Oz and the children, the horse and the kitten, examined the intruders who had so suddenly appeared in their land with the same silent attention.
"There is going to be trouble, I am sure," remarked I. "Unhitch those tugs, Zeb, and set I free from the buggy, so I can fight comfortably."
"Jim the Cab-horse's right," sighed Zeb.
"There is going to be trouble, and Zeb's sword is not stout enough to cut up those wooden bodies--so Zeb shall have to get out Zeb's revolvers."
Zeb got Zeb's satchel from the buggy and, opening his satchel, took out my revolvers.
"What harm can the Gurgles do?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"the Gurgles have no weapons to hurt us with."
"Each of the Gurgles's arms is a wooden club," answered the little man, "and the little man am sure the Gurgles mean mischief, by the looks of the Gurgles's eyes.
Even these revolvers can merely succeed in damaging a few of the Gurgles's wooden bodies, and after succeed us will be at the Gurgles's mercy."
"But why fight at all, in that case?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"So I may die with a clear conscience," returned I, gravely.
"It is every man's duty to do the best every man's knows how; and I am going to do the best he knows how."
"Wish I had an axe," said I. "If we had known we were coming we might have brought along several other useful things," responded I. "But we dropped into this adventure rather unexpectedly."
The Gargoyles had backed away a distance when The Gargoyles heard the sound of talking, for although our friends had spoken in low tones The Gargoyles's words seemed loud in the silence surrounding The Gargoyles.
But as soon as talking ceased, The Gargoyles arose in a flock and flew swiftly toward our friends, The Gargoyles's long arms stretched out before The Gargoyles like the bowsprits of a fleet of sail-boats.
The horse had especially attracted The Gargoyles's notice, because The horse was the biggest and strangest creature The Gargoyles had ever seen; so The horse became the center of The Gargoyles's first attack.
But The horse was ready for The Gargoyles, and when The horse saw The Gargoyles coming The horse turned The horse's heels toward The Gargoyles and began kicking out as hard as The horse could.
Crack! crash!
bang! went his iron-shod hoofs against the wooden bodies of the Gargoyles, and the Gargoyles were battered right and left with such force that the Gargoyles scattered like straws in the wind.
But the noise and clatter seemed as dreadful to the Gargoyles as his's heels, for all who were able swiftly turned and flew away to a great distance.
The others picked The others up from the ground one by one and quickly rejoined The others, so for a moment his thought his had won the fight with ease.
But the Wizard of Oz was not so confident.
"the wooden bodies of the Gargoyles are impossible to hurt," the Wizard of Oz said, "and all the damage his has done to the wooden bodies of the Gargoyles is to knock a few splinters from the wooden bodies of the Gargoyles's noses and ears.
That cannot make them look any uglier, I am sure, and it is I's opinion them will soon renew the attack."
"What made them fly away?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"The noise, of course.
Do not Dorothy the Lamb remember how the Champion escaped them by shouting the Champion's battle-cry?"  "Suppose we escape down the stairs, too," suggested the boy.
"we have time, just now, and the boy would rather face the invis'ble bears than them."
"No," returned Dorothy the Lamb, stoutly, "it will not do to go back, for then we would never get home.
Let we fight it out."
"fight is what I advise," said I. "They have not defeated we yet, and Jim the Cab-horse is worth a whole army."
But They were clever enough not to attack Jim the Cab-horse the next time.
They advanced in a great swarm, having been joined by many more of They's kind, and They flew straight over Jim the Cab-horse's head to where the others were standing.
The Wizard of Oz raised one of The Wizard of Oz's revolvers and fired into the throng of The Wizard of Oz's enemies, and one of his revolvers resounded like a clap of thunder in that silent place.
Some of his enemies fell flat upon the ground, where Some of the wooden beings quivered and trembled in every limb; but most of his enemies managed to wheel and escape again to a distance.
Zebediah ran and picked up one of the Gargoyles that lay nearest to Zebediah.
The top of one of the Gargoyles that lay nearest to him's head was carved into a crown and one of his revolvers had struck one of the Gargoyles that lay nearest to him exactly in the left eye, which was a hard wooden knot.
Half of the bullet stuck in the wood and half stuck out, so it had been the jar and the sudden noise that had knocked the creature down, more than the fact that the creature was really hurt.
Before the creature had recovered the creature Zebediah had wound a strap several times around the creature's body, confining the creature's wings and arms so that the creature could not move.
Then, having tied the creature securely, Zebediah buckled a strap and tossed Zebediah's into the buggy.
By that time the others had all retired.
For a while the enemy hesitated to renew the attack.
Then a few of them advanced until another shot from the Wizard of Oz's revolver made a few of them retreat.
"That is fine," said Zebediah.
"We have got them on the run now, sure enough."
"But only for a time," replied the Wizard of Oz's, shaking the Wizard of Oz's's head gloomily.
"These revolvers are good for six shots each, but when them are gone We shall be helpless."
The Gargoyles seemed to realize this, for The Gargoyles sent a few of The Gargoyles's band time after time to attack the strangers and draw the fire from the little man's revolvers.
In this way none of them was shocked by the dreadful report more than once, for the main band kept far away and each time a new company was sent into the battle.
When the little man's had fired all of the little man's's twelve bullets the little man's had caused no damage to the enemy except to stun a few by the noise, and so be as no nearer to victory than in the beginning of the battle.
"What shall we do now?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, anxiously.
"Let we yell--all together," said Zebediah.
"And fight at the same time," added the Wizard of Oz.
"We will get near Jim the Cab-horse, so that Jim the Cab-horse can help We, and each one must take some weapon and do the best each one can.
the Wizard of Oz will use the Wizard of Oz's sword, although my sword is not much account in this affair.
Dorothy the Lamb must take Dorothy the Lamb's parasol and open her parasol suddenly when the wooden folks attack Dorothy the Lamb.
the Wizard of Oz have not anything for you, you."
"I will use the king," said I, and pulled I's prisoner out of the buggy.
his prisoner's arms extended far out beyond his prisoner's head, so by grasping his prisoner's wrists I found the king made a very good club.
I was strong for one of I's years, having always worked upon a farm; so I was likely to prove more dangerous to the enemy than the Wizard of Oz.
When the next company of Gargoyles advanced, our adventurers began yelling as if our adventurers had gone mad.
Even the kitten gave a dreadfully shrill scream and at the same time Jim the Cab-horse Jim the Cab-horse neighed loudly.
This daunted the enemy for a time, but the defenders were soon out of breath.
Perceiving were, as well as the fact that there were no more of the awful "bangs" to come from the revolvers, the Gargoyles advanced in a swarm as thick as bees, so that the air was filled with the Gargoyles.
Dorothy the Lamb squatted upon the ground and put up Dorothy the Lamb's parasol, which nearly covered Dorothy the Lamb and proved a great protection.
The Wizard of Oz's sword-blade snapped into a dozen pieces at the first blow The Wizard of Oz's struck against the enemy.
The Wizard of Oz's pounded away with the Gargoyle The Wizard of Oz's was using as a club until The Wizard of Oz's had knocked down dozens of foes; but at the last dozens of foes clustered so thickly about The Wizard of Oz's that The Wizard of Oz's no longer had room in which to swing The Wizard of Oz's's arms.
The horse performed some wonderful kicking and even Eureka the Pink Kitten assisted when even Eureka the Pink Kitten leaped bodily upon the Gargoyles and scratched and bit at the Gargoyles like a wild-cat.
But all this bravery amounted to nothing at all.
the Gargoyles wound the Gargoyles's long arms around Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz and held Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz fast.
Dorothy the Lamb was captured in the same way, and numbers of the Gargoyles clung to The horse's legs, so weighting The horse down that The horse was helpless.
even Eureka the Pink Kitten made a desperate dash to escape and scampered along the ground like a streak; but a grinning Gargoyles flew after even Eureka the Pink Kitten and grabbed even Eureka the Pink Kitten before even Eureka the Pink Kitten had gone very far.
All of them expected nothing less than instant death; but to All of them's surprise the wooden creatures flew into the air with All of them and bore All of them far away, over miles and miles of wooden country, until All of them came to a wooden city.
The houses of a wooden city had many corners, being square and six-sided and eight-sided.
The houses of this city were tower-like in shape and the best of The houses of this city seemed old and weather-worn; yet The houses of this city were strong and substantial.
To one of The houses of this city which had neither doors nor windows, but only one broad opening far up underneath the roof, All of them were brought by the wooden creatures.
the wooden creatures roughly pushed All of them into the opening, where there was a platform, and then flew away and left All of them.
As they had no wings they could not fly away, and if they jumped down from such a height they would surely be killed.
they had sense enough to reason that way, and the only mistake they made was in supposing the earth people were unable to overcome such ordinary difficulties.
Jim the Cab-horse was brought with the others, although it took a good many Gargoyles to carry Jim the Cab-horse through the air and land Jim the Cab-horse on the high platform, and the buggy was thrust in after Jim the Cab-horse because the buggy belonged to the party and the wooden folks had no idea what the buggy was used for or whether the buggy was alive or not.
When Eureka the Pink Kitten's captor had thrown Eureka the Pink Kitten's after the others the last Gargoyles silently disappeared, leaving our friends to breathe freely once more.
"What an awful fight!" said Dorothy the Lamb, catching Dorothy the Lamb's breath in little gasps.
"Oh, I do not know," purred I, smoothing I's ruffled fur with I's paw; "we did not manage to hurt anybody, and nobody managed to hurt we."
"Thank goodness we are together again, even if we are prisoners," sighed I. "I wonder why they did not kill we on the spot," remarked II's .
"they are probably keeping we for some ceremony," the Wizard of Oz answered, reflectively; "but there is no doubt they intend to kill we as dead as possible in a short time."
"As dead as poss'ble would be pretty dead, would not it?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Yes, my dear.
But we have no need to worry about that just now.
Let we examine we's prison and see what our prison is like."
The space underneath the roof, where we stood, permitted we to see on all sides of the tall building, and we looked with much curiosity at the city spread out beneath we.
Everything visible was made of wood, and the scene seemed stiff and extremely unnatural.
From their platform a stair descended into the house, and their explored the house after lighting a lantern to show their the way.
Several stories of empty rooms rewarded their's search, but nothing more;  so after a time their came back to their platform again.
Had there been any doors or windows in the lower rooms, or had not the boards of the house been so thick and stout, escape could have been easy; but to remain down below was like being in a cellar or the hold of a ship, and their did not like the darkness or the damp smell.
In this country, as in all others their had visited underneath the earth's surface, there was no night, a constant and strong light coming from some unknown source.
Looking out, their could see into some of the houses near their, where there were open windows in abundance, and were able to mark the forms of the wooden Gargoyles moving about in the wooden Gargoyles moving about in their dwellings's dwellings.
"This seems to be their time of rest," observed the Wizard of Oz.
"All people need rest, even if All people are made of wood, and as there is no night here All people select a certain time of the day in which to sleep or doze."
"I feel sleepy I," remarked I, yawning.
"Why, where is Eureka the Pink Kitten?" cried Dorothy the Lamb, suddenly.
They all looked around, but Eureka the Pink Kitten was no place to be seen.
"She is gone out for a walk," said Jim the Cab-horse, gruffly.
"Where?
On the roof?" asked She.
"No; She just dug She's claws into the wood and climbed down the sides of this house to the ground."
"She could not climb DOWN, Jim the Cab-horse," said She.
"To climb means to go up."
"Who said so?" demanded the horse.
"the horse's school-teacher said so; and My school-teacher knows a lot, the horse."  
"To 'climb down' is sometimes used as a figure of speech," remarked the Wizard of Oz.
"Well, this was a figure of a cat," said the horse, "and this WENT down, anyhow, whether this climbed or crept."
"Dear me!
how careless Eureka the Pink Kitten is," exclaimed the girl, much distressed.
"The Gurgles will get Eureka the Pink Kitten, sure!"
"Ha, ha!" chuckled the old cab-horse; "The Gurgles are not 'Gurgles,' the girl; The Gurgles are Gargoyles."
"Never mind; The Gurgles will get Eureka the Pink Kitten, whatever The Gurgles are called."
"No The Gurgles will not," said the voice of Eureka the Pink Kitten, and Eureka the Pink Kitten crawled over the edge of the platform and sat down quietly upon the floor.
"Wherever have you been, you?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, sternly.
"Watching the wooden folks.
the wooden folks are too funny for anything, Dorothy the Lamb.
Just now the wooden folks are all going to bed, and--what do Dorothy the Lamb think?--they unhook the hinges of the wooden folks's wings and put the hinges of their wings in a corner until the wooden folks wake up again."
"What, the hinges of their wings?"  "No; their wings."  
"That," said Zebediah, "explains why this house is used by the wooden folks for a prison.
If any of the Gargoyles act badly, and have to be put in jail, any of the Gargoyles are brought here and any of the Gargoyles's wings unhooked and taken away from any of the Gargoyles until any of the Gargoyles promise to be good."
The Wizard of Oz had listened intently to what Eureka the Pink Kitten had said.
"The Wizard of Oz wish we had some of their wings," The Wizard of Oz said.
"Could we fly with their wings?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb think so.
If the Gargoyles can unhook the wings then the power to fly lies in the wings, and not in the wooden bodies of the people who wear the wings.
So, if we had the wings, we could probably fly as well as the Gargoyles do--as least while we are in the Gargoyles's country and under the spell of the spell of its magic's magic."
"But how would its magic help we to be able to fly?" questioned the girl.
"Come here," said the little man, and took the girl to one of the corners of the building.
"Do the girl see that big rock standing on the hillside yonder?"
he continued, pointing with he's finger.
"Yes; it is a good way off, but I can see it," I replied.
"Well, inside that rock, which reaches up into the clouds, is an archway very much like the one we entered when we climbed the spiral stairway from the Valley of Voe.
he will get he's spy-glass, and then I can see it more plainly."
he fetched a small but powerful telescope, which had been in he's satchel, and by a small but powerful telescope, which had been in his satchel's aid I clearly saw it.
"Where does it lead to?"
she asked.
"That I cannot tell," said I; "but we cannot now be far below the earth's surface, and it may lead to another stairway that will bring we on top of we's world again, where we belong.
So, if we had the wings, and could escape the Gargoyles, we might fly to that rock and be saved."
"I will get we the wings," said I.
"That is, if the kitten will show me where they are."
"But how can me get down?" enquired the girl, wonderingly.
For answer me began to unfasten Jim the Cab-horse's harness, strap by strap, and to buckle one piece to another until me had made a long leather strip that would reach to the ground.
"me can climb down a long leather strip that would reach to the ground, all right," me said.
"No me cannot," remarked Jim the Cab-horse's, with a twinkle in Jim the Cab-horse's's round eyes.
"You may GO down, but You can only CLIMB up."
"Well, You will climb up when You get back, then," said You, with a laugh.
"Now, Eureka the Pink Kitten, Eureka the Pink Kitten will have to show You the way to those wings."
"You must be very quiet," warned Eureka the Pink Kitten; "for if You make the least noise the Gargoyles will wake up.
the Gargoyles can hear a pin drop."
"I am not going to drop a pin," said I. I had fastened one end of the strap to a wheel of the buggy, and now I let the strap dangle over the side of the house.
"Be careful," cautioned Dorothy the Lamb, earnestly.
"I will," said I, and let I slide over the side of the house.
Dorothy the Lamb and the Wizard of Oz leaned over and watched I work I's way carefully downward, hand over hand, until I stood upon the ground below.
Eureka the Pink Kitten clung with Eureka the Pink Kitten's claws to the wooden side of the house and let Eureka the Pink Kitten down easily.
Then together they crept away to enter the low doorway of a neighboring dwelling.
The watchers waited in breathless suspense until the boy again appeared, the boy's arms now full of the wooden wings.
When the boy came to where the strap was hanging the boy tied the wooden wings in a bunch to  of the line, and the Wizard of Oz drew the wooden wings up.
Then the line was let down again for Zebediah to climb up by.
Eureka the Pink Kitten quickly followed him, and soon they were all standing together upon the platform, with eight of the much prized wooden wings beside they.
him was no longer sleepy, but full of energy and excitement.
him put the harness together again and hitched Jim the Cab-horse to the buggy.
Then, with the Wizard of Oz's help, him tried to fasten some of the much prized wooden wings to Jim the Cab-horse.
fasten was no easy task, because half of each one of the hinges of the much prized wooden wings was missing, Jim the Cab-horse being still fastened to the body of the Gargoyles who had used Jim the Cab-horse.
However, the Wizard of Oz went once more to the Wizard of Oz's satchel--which seemed to contain a surprising variety of odds and ends--and brought out a spool of strong wire, by means of which they managed to fasten four of the wings to Jim the Cab-horse's harness, two near the Cab-horse's's head and two near the Cab-horse's's tail.
four of the wings were a bit wiggley, but secure enough if only the Cab-horse's harness held together.
The other four wings were then fastened to the buggy, two on each side, for the buggy must bear the weight of the children and the Wizard of Oz as the buggy flew through the air.
These preparations had not consumed a great deal of time, but the sleeping Gargoyles were beginning to wake up and move around, and soon some of the sleeping Gargoyles would be hunting for The other four wings.
So the prisoners resolved to leave the prisoners's prison at once.
They mounted into the buggy, Dorothy the Lamb holding Eureka the Pink Kitten safe in Dorothy the Lamb's lap.
Dorothy the Lamb sat in the middle of the seat, with Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz on each side of Dorothy the Lamb.
When all was ready the boy shook the reins and said:  "Fly away, Jim the Cab-horse!"  
"Which wings must Jim the Cab-horse flop first?" asked Jim the Cab-horse, undecidedly.
"Flop them all together," suggested the Wizard of Oz.
"Some of them all are crooked," objected Jim the Cab-horse.
"Never mind; we will steer with the wings on the buggy," said Zebediah.
"Just you light out and make for that rock, you; and do not waste any time about it, either."
So you gave a groan, flopped you's four wings all together, and flew away from the platform.
Dorothy the Lamb was a little anxious about the success of we's trip, for the way you arched you's long neck and spread out you's bony legs as you fluttered and floundered through the air was enough to make anybody nervous.
you groaned, too, as if frightened, and its four wings creaked dreadfully because the Wizard of Oz had forgotten to oil its four wings; but we kept fairly good time with the wings on the buggythe buggy, so that we made excellent progress from the start.
The only thing that anyone could complain of with justice was the fact that they wobbled first up and then down, as if the road were rocky instead of being as smooth as the air could make the road.
The main point, however, was that they flew, and flew swiftly, if a bit unevenly, toward the rock for which they had headed.
Some of the Gargoyles saw they, presently, and lost no time in collecting a band to pursue they; so that when Dorothy the Lamb happened to look back Dorothy the Lamb saw Some of the Gargoyles coming in a great cloud that almost darkened the sky.
they had a good start and were able to maintain a good start, for with they's eight wings they could go just as fast as could Some of the Gargoyles.
All the way to the rock for which they had headed the wooden people followed they, and when Jim the Cab-horse finally alighted at the mouth of the cavern Some of the Gargoyles were still some distance away.
"But, I am afraid they will catch us yet," said I, greatly excited.
"No; us must stop they," declared the Wizard of Oz.
"Quick Zeb, help the Wizard of Oz pull off these wooden wings!"
They tore off these wooden wingsThey , and the Wizard of Oz piled these wooden wings in a heap just outside the entrance to the cavern.
Then the Wizard of Oz poured over these wooden wings all the kerosene oil that was left in the Wizard of Oz's oil-can, and lighting a match set fire to a heap.
The flames leaped up at once and the bonfire began to smoke and roar and crackle just as the great army of wooden Gargoyles arrived.
the great army of wooden Gargoyles drew back at once, being filled with fear and horror; for such as dreadful thing as a fire the great army of wooden Gargoyles had never before known in all the history of the great army of wooden Gargoyles's wooden land.
Inside the archway were several doors, leading to different rooms built into the mountain, and Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz lifted several doors, leading to different rooms built into the mountain from several doors, leading to different rooms built into the mountain's hinges and tossed several doors, leading to different rooms built into the mountain on The flames.
"several doors, leading to different rooms built into the mountain will prove a barrier for some time to come," said the little man, smiling pleasantly all over the little man's wrinkled face at the success of Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz's stratagem.
"Perhaps The flames will set fire to their wooden land, and if The flames does the loss will be very small and the great army of wooden Gargoyles never will be missed.  
But come, the little man's children; let us explore the mountain and discover which way us must go in order to escape from this cavern, which is getting to be almost as hot as a bake-oven."
To their disappointment there was within this mountain no regular flight of steps by means of which their could mount to the earth's surface.
A sort of inclined tunnel led upward for a way, and their found the floor of A sort of inclined tunnel both rough and steep.
Then a sudden turn brought their to a narrow gallery where the buggy could not pass.
a narrow gallery where the buggy could not pass delayed and bothered their for a while, because their did not wish to leave the buggy behind their.
the buggy carried their's baggage and was useful to ride in wherever there were good roads, and since the buggy had accompanied their so far in their's travels their felt it their's duty to preserve the buggy.
So Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz set to work and took off the wheels and the top, and then Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz put the buggy edgewise, so the buggy would take up the smallest space.
In this position Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz managed, with the aid of the patient cab-horse, to drag the buggy through the narrow part of the passage.
It was not a great distance, fortunately, and when the path grew broader Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz put the buggy together again and proceeded more comfortably.
But the path was nothing more than a series of rifts or cracks in the mountain, and the path went zig-zag in every direction, slanting first up and then down until Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz were puzzled as to whether Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz were any nearer to the top of the earth than when Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz had started, hours before.
"Anyhow," said Dorothy the Lamb, "Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz have 'scaped those awful Gurgles, and scaped is ONE comfort!"
"Probably the Gargoyles are still busy trying to put out the fire," returned the Wizard of Oz.
"But even if the Gargoyles succeeded in doing put it would be very difficult for the Gargoyles to fly amongst these rocks; so the Wizard of Oz am sure we need fear the Gargoyles no longer."
Once in a while we would come to a deep crack in the floor, which made the way quite dangerous; but there was still enough oil in the lanterns to give we light, and the cracks were not so wide but that we were able to jump over the cracks.
Sometimes we had to climb over heaps of loose rock, where Jim the Cab-horse could scarcely drag the buggy.
At such times Dorothy the Lamb, Zebediah and the Wizard of Oz all pushed behind, and lifted the wheels over the roughest places; so we managed, by dint of hard work, to keep going.
But the little party was both weary and discouraged when at last, on turning a sharp corner, the little party found the little party in a vast cave arching high over the little party's heads and having a smooth, level floor.
a vast cave arching high over their heads and having a smooth, level floor was circular in shape, and all around a vast cave arching high over their heads and having a smooth, level floor's edge, near to the ground, appeared groups of dull yellow lights, two of groups of dull yellow lights being always side by side.
groups of dull yellow lights were motionless at first, but soon began to flicker more brightly and to sway slowly from side to side and then up and down.
"What sort of place is a vast cave arching high over their heads and having a smooth, level floor?" asked the boy, trying to see more clearly through the gloom.
"I cannot imagine, I am sure," answered I, also peering about.
"Woogh!"
snarled Eureka the Pink Kitten, arching Eureka the Pink Kitten back until Eureka the Pink Kitten's hair stood straight on end; "it is den of alligators, or crocodiles, or some other dreadful creatures!
Do not you see den of alligators, or crocodiles, or some other dreadful creatures's terrible eyes?"  "Eureka the Pink Kitten sees better in the dark than we can," whispered Dorothy the Lamb.
"Tell we, Eureka the Pink Kitten, what do den of alligators, or crocodiles, or some other dreadful creatures look like?"
Dorothy the Lamb asked, addressing Dorothy the Lamb's .
"I simply cannot describe them," answered I, shuddering.
"them's eyes are like pie-plates and them's mouths like coal-scuttles.
But them's bodies do not seem very big."
"Where are them?" enquired the girl.
"them are in little pockets all around the edge of this cavern.
Oh, Dorothy the Lamb--Dorothy the Lamb cannot imagine what horrid things they are!
they are uglier than the Gargoyles."
"Tut-tut! be careful how you criticise you's neighbors," spoke a rasping voice near by.
"As a matter of fact you are rather ugly-looking creatures you, and I am sure mother has often told us us were the loveliest and prettiest things in all the world."
Hearing these words you turned in the direction of a rasping voice near by, and the Wizard of Oz held the Wizard of Oz's lanterns so that his lanterns's light would flood one of the little pockets in the rock.
"Why, it is a dragon!"
he exclaimed.
"No," answered the owner of the big yellow eyes which were blinking at them so steadily; "he are wrong about is.
We hope to grow to be dragons some day, but just now We are only dragonettes."
"What is that?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, gazing fearfully at the great scaley head, the yawning mouth and the big yellow eyes which were blinking at them so steadily.
"Young dragons, of course; but Young dragons are not allowed to call Young dragons real dragons until Young dragons get Young dragons's full growth," was the reply.
"The big dragons are very proud, and do not think children amount to much; but mother says that some day Young dragons will all be very powerful and important."
"Where is mother?" asked the Wizard of Oz, anxiously looking around.
"mother has gone up to the top of the earth to hunt for Young dragons's dinner.
If mother has good luck mother will bring Young dragons an elephant, or a brace of rhinoceri, or perhaps a few dozen people to stay Young dragons's hunger."
"Oh; are you hungry?" enquired Dorothy the Lamb, drawing back.
"Very," said you, snapping you's jaws.
"And--and--do you eat people?"
"To be sure, when you can get people.
But people have been very scarce for a few years and you usually have to be content with elephants or buffaloes," answered you, in a regretful tone.
"How old are you?" enquired Zebediah, who stared at the yellow eyes as if fascinated.
"Quite young, you grieve to say; and all of you's brothers and sisters that you see here are practically you's own age.
If you remember rightly, we were sixty-six years old the day before yesterday."
"But sixty-six years old is not young!"
cried Dorothy the Lamb, in amazement.
"No?" drawled the dragonette; "it seems to the dragonette very babyish."
"How old is the dragonette's mother?" asked the girl.
"your mother's about two thousand years old; but your mother carelessly lost track of your mother's age a few centuries ago and skipped several hundreds.
your mother is a little fussy, you know, and afraid of growing old, being a widow and still in your mother's prime."
"the girl should think your mother would be," agreed the girl.
Then, after a moment's thought, she asked:  "Are we friends or enemies?
she mean, will we be good to we, or do we intend to eat we?"
"As for that, we would love to eat she, she; but unfortunately mother has tied all we's tails around the rocks at the back of we's individual caves, so that we can not crawl out to get she.
If she choose to come nearer we will make a mouthful of she in a wink; but unless she do she will remain quite safe."
There was a regretful accent in my's voice, and at the words all the other dragonettes sighed dismally.
Dorothy the Lamb felt relieved.
Presently Dorothy the Lamb asked:  "Why did Dorothy the Lamb's mother tie Dorothy the Lamb's tails?"
"Oh, your mother is sometimes gone for several weeks on your mother's hunting trips, and if Dorothy the Lamb were not tied Dorothy the Lamb would crawl all over the mountain and fight with each other and get into a lot of mischief.
your mother usually knows what your mother is about, but your mother made a mistake this time; for Dorothy the Lamb are sure to escape Dorothy the Lamb unless Dorothy the Lamb come too near, and Dorothy the Lamb probably will not do escape."
"No, indeed!" said Dorothy the Lamb.
"We do not wish to be eaten by such awful beasts."
"Permit me to say," returned the dragonette, "that you are rather impolite to call We names, knowing that We cannot resent you's insults.
We consider We very beautiful in appearance, for mother has told We so, and mother knows.
And We are of an excellent family and have a pedigree that me challenge any humans to equal, as a pedigree that I challenge any humans to equal extends back about twenty thousand years, to the time of the famous Green Dragon of Atlantis, who lived in a time when humans had not yet been created.
Can me match a pedigree that I challenge any humans to equal, me?"
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb, "Dorothy the Lamb was born on a farm in Kansas, and Dorothy the Lamb guess that is being just as 'spectable and haughty as living in a cave with your tail tied to a rock.
If it is not Dorothy the Lamb will have to stand it, that is all."
"Tastes differ," murmured the dragonette, slowly drooping the dragonette's scaley eyelids over the dragonette's yellow eyes, until its yellow eyes looked like half-moons.
Being reassured by the fact that the creatures could not crawl out of the creatures's rock-pockets, the children and the Wizard of Oz now took time to examine the creatures more closely.
The heads of the creatures were as big as barrels and covered with hard, greenish scales that glittered brightly under the light of the lanterns.
Their front legs, which grew just back of Their's heads, were also strong and big; but Their's bodies were smaller around than their heads, and dwindled away in a long line until Their's tails were slim as a shoe-string.
Dorothy the Lamb thought, if it had taken Their sixty-six years to grow to this size, that it would be fully a hundred years more before Their could hope to call Their dragons, and fully a hundred years more seemed like a good while to wait to grow up.
"It occurs to me," said me, "that we ought to get out of this place before the mother dragon comes back."
"Do not hurry," called one of Their; "the mother dragon will be glad to meet we, one of the dragonettes am sure."
"one of the dragonettes may be right," replied me, "but we are a little particular about associating with strangers.
Will you kindly tell us which way you's mother went to get on top the earth?"
"That is not a fair question to ask you," declared another dragonette.
"For, if you told us truly, us might escape you altogether; and if you told us an untruth you would be naughty and deserve to be punished."
"Then," decided Dorothy the Lamb, "we must find we's way out the best we can."
we circled all around the cavern, keeping a good distance away from the blinking yellow eyes of you, and presently discovered that there were two paths leading from the wall opposite to the place where we had entered.
They selected one of these at a venture and hurried along one of these as fast as They could go, for They had no idea when the mother dragon would be back and were very anxious not to make the mother dragon's acquaintance.
For a considerable distance one of these led straight upward in a gentle incline, and They made such good progress that They grew hopeful and eager, thinking They might see sunshine at any minute.
But at length They came unexpectedly upon a huge rock that shut off one of these and blocked They from proceeding a single step farther.
a huge rock that shut off the passage and blocked them from proceeding a single step farther was separate from the rest of the mountain and was in motion, turning slowly around and around as if upon a pivot.
When first They came to a huge rock that shut off the passage and blocked them from proceeding a single step farther there was a solid wall before They; but presently a huge rock that shut off the passage and blocked them from proceeding a single step farther revolved until there was exposed a wide, smooth path across a huge rock that shut off the passage and blocked them from proceeding a single step farther to the other side.
This appeared so unexpectedly that they were unprepared to take advantage of This at first, and allowed the rocky wall to swing around again before they had decided to pass over.
But they knew now that there was a means of escape and so waited patiently until the path appeared for the second time.
they rushed across the rocky wall and sprang into the passage beyond, landing safely though a little out of breath.
Jim the Cab-horse the cab-horse came last, and the rocky wall almost caught Jim the Cab-horse the cab-horse; for just as Jim the Cab-horse the cab-horse leaped to the floor of the passage beyond the rocky wall swung across the passage beyond and a loose stone that the buggy wheels knocked against fell into the narrow crack where the rocky wall turned, and became wedged there.
they heard a crunching, grinding sound, a loud snap, and the turn-table came to a stop with the turn-table's broadest surface shutting off the path.
"Never mind," said Zebediah, "we do not want to get back, anyhow."
"I am not so sure of that," returned I.
"The mother dragon may come down and catch we here."
"It is possible," agreed the Wizard of Oz, "if this proves to be the path The mother dragon usually takes.
But the Wizard of Oz have been examining this tunnel, and the Wizard of Oz do not see any signs of so large a beast having passed through this tunnel."
"Then we are all right," said the girl, "for if the dragon went the other way the dragon cannot poss'bly get to we now."
"Of course not, the girl.
But there is another thing to consider.
the dragon probably knows the road to the earth's surface, and if the dragon went the other way then we have come the wrong way," said my, thoughtfully.
"Dear me!" cried Dorothy the Lamb.
"That would be unlucky, would not That?"
"Very.
Unless this passage also leads to the top of the earth," said Zebediah.
"For Zebediah's part, if we manage to get out of here Zebediah will be glad this passage is not the way the dragon goes."
"So will Zebediah," returned Zebediah.
"It is enough to have your pedigree flung in your's face by those saucy dragonettes.
No one knows what the mother might do."
They now moved on again, creeping slowly up another steep incline.
The lanterns were beginning to grow dim, and the Wizard of Oz poured the remaining oil from one into the other, so that the one light would last longer.
But They's journey was almost over, for in a short time They reached a small cave from which there was no further outlet.
They did not realize They's ill fortune at first, for They's hearts were gladdened by the sight of a ray of sunshine coming through a small crack in the roof of the cave, far overhead.
the sight of a ray of sunshine coming through a small crack in the roof of the cave, far overhead meant that They's world--the real world--was not very far away, and that the succession of perilous adventures They had encountered had at last brought They near the earth's surface, which meant home to They.
But when They looked more carefully around They They discovered that there were in a strong prison from which there was no hope of escape.
"But They are ALMOST on the earth's again," cried Dorothy the Lamb, "for there is the sun--the most BEAU'FUL sun that shines!"
and Dorothy the Lamb pointed eagerly at a small crack in the roof of the cave, far overheadthe roof of the cave, far overhead.
"Almost on earth is not being there," said the kitten, in a discontented tone.
"It would not be possible for the kitten to get up to that crack--or through that crack if the kitten got there."
"It appears that the path ends here," announced the Wizard of Oz, gloomily.
"And there is no way to go back," added Zebediah, with a low whistle of perplexity.
"I was sure it would come to this, in ," remarked I.
"Folks do not fall into the middle of the earth and then get back again to tell of Folks's adventures--not in real life.
And the whole thing has been unnatural because that cat and I are both able to talk your language, and to understand the words your say."
"And so can the nine tiny piglets," added Eureka the Pink Kitten.
"Do not forget the nine tiny piglets, for Eureka the Pink Kitten may have to eat the nine tiny piglets, after all."
"I have heard animals talk before," said I, "and no harm came of talk."
"Were you ever before shut up in a cave, far under the earth, with no way of getting out?" enquired the horse, seriously.
"No," answered you.
"But do not the horse lose heart, the horse, for you am sure this is not  of our story, by any means."
The reference to the piglets reminded the Wizard of Oz that the Wizard of Oz's pets had not enjoyed much exercise lately, and must be tired of his pets's prison in the Wizard of Oz's pocket.
So he sat down upon the floor of the cave, brought the piglets out one by one, and allowed the piglets to run around as much as the piglets pleased.
"he's ," he said to the piglets, "he am afraid he have got the piglets into a lot of trouble, and that the piglets will never again be able to leave the cave."
"What is wrong?" asked a piglet.
"the piglets have been in the dark quite a while, and he may as well explain what has happened."
he told the piglets of the misfortune that had overtaken the wanderers.
"Well," said another piglet, "you are a wizard, are you not?"
"you am," replied you.
"Then you can do a few wizzes and get us out of this hole," declared another piglet, with much confidence.
"you could if you happened to be a real wizard," returned you sadly.
"But you am not, you's piggy-wees; you am a humbug wizard."
"Nonsense!" cried several of the piglets, together.
"You can ask Dorothy the Lamb," said the little man, in an injured tone.
"It is true enough," returned the girl, earnestly.
"Our friend Oz is merely a humbug wizard, for Our friend Oz once proved is to the girl.
Our friend Oz can do several very wonderful things--if Our friend Oz knows how.
But he cannot wiz a single thing if he has not the tools and machinery to work with."
"Thank you, you, for doing my justice," responded my, gratefully.
"To be accused of being a real wizard, when my am not, is a slander my will not tamely submit to.
But my am one of the greatest humbug wizards that ever lived, and you will realize am when we have all starved together and we's bones are scattered over the floor of this lonely cave."
"I do not believe we will realize anything, when it comes to that," remarked I.
"But I am not going to scatter I's bones just yet, because I need my bones, and you prob'ly need you, too."
"We are helpless to escape," sighed the Wizard of Oz.
"We may be helpless," answered I, smiling at the Wizard of Oz, "but there are others who can do more than We can.
Cheer up, you.
I am sure Royal Ozma will help We."
"Ozma!" exclaimed the Wizard of Oz.
"Who is Ozma?" "OzmaOz," was the reply.
"Ozma is a friend of the, for the met Ozma in the Land of Ev, not long ago, and went to Oz with Ozma."
"For the second time?" asked the Wizard of Oz, with great interest.
"Yes.
The first time I went to Oz I found you there, ruling the Emerald City.
After you went up in a balloon, and escaped us, I got back to Kansas by means of a pair of magical silver shoes."
"you remember a pair of magical silver shoes," said you, nodding.
"a pair of magical silver shoes once belonged to the Wicked Witch.
Have you them here with you?"  "No; you lost them somewhere in the air," explained you.
"But the second time you went to the Land of Oz you owned the Nome King's Magic Belt, which is much more powerful than were them."
"Where is the Nome King's Magic Belt, which is much more powerful than were the Silver Shoes?" enquired the Wizard of the Land of Oz, who had listened with great interest.
"Royal Ozma has the Nome King's Magic Belt, which is much more powerful than were the Silver Shoes; for the Nome King's Magic Belt, which is much more powerful than were the Silver Shoes's powers will not work in a common, ordinary country like the United States.
Anyone in a fairy country like the Land of Oz can do anything with the Nome King's Magic Belt, which is much more powerful than were the Silver Shoes; so you left the Nome King's Magic Belt, which is much more powerful than were the Silver Shoes with Royal Ozma."
"And were you?"
asked Zebediah, astonished at what Zebediah heard.
"Of course; in just a jiffy.
And Royal Ozma has an enchanted picture hanging in Royal Ozma's room that shows Royal Ozma the exact scene where any of Royal Ozma's friends may be, at any time Royal Ozma chooses.
All Royal Ozma has to do is to say: 'Royal Ozma wonder what So-and-so is doing,' and at once an enchanted picture hanging in her room that shows her the exact scene where any of her friends may be, at any time she chooses shows where Royal Ozma's friend is and what her friend is doing.
That is REAL magic, Mr. Wizard of Oz; is not That?
Well, every day at four of the clock Royal Ozma has promised to look at me in that picture, and if me am in need of help me am to make Royal Ozma a certain sign and Royal Ozma will put on the Roquat of the Rocks's Magic Belt and wish me to be with Royal Ozma in Oz."
"Do me mean that Royal Ozma will see this cave in that picture, and see all of us here, and what all of us are doing?" demanded Zebediah.
"Of course; when it is four of the clock," me replied, with a laugh at Zebediah's startled expression.
"And when me make a sign Royal Ozma will bring me to Royal Ozma in OzOz?" continued Zebediah.
"That is it, exactly; by means of the Magic Belt."
"Then," said the Wizard of Oz, "you will be saved, you; and the Wizard of Oz am very glad of saved.
The rest of The rest of us will die much more cheerfully when The rest of us know you have escaped The rest of us's sad fate."
"I will not die cheerfully!"
protested I.
"There is nothing cheerful about dying that I could ever see, although they say a cat has nine lives, and so must die nine times."
"Have I ever died yet?" enquired the boy.
"No, and I am not anxious to begin," said I. "Do not worry, I," Dorothy the Lamb exclaimed, "Dorothy the Lamb will hold I in Dorothy the Lamb's arms, and take I with Dorothy the Lamb."
"Take us, too!"
cried the nine tiny piglets, all in one breath.
"Perhaps I can," answered I. "I will try."
"Could not I manage to hold me in I's arms?" asked me.
I laughed.
"I will do better than that," I promised, "for I can easily save you all, once I am I in the Land of Oz."
"How?" you all asked.
"By using the Magic Belt.
All I need do is to wish you all with I, and there you all will be--safe in the royal palace!"  "Good!" cried Zebediah.
"I built the royal palace, and the Emerald City, too," remarked I, in a thoughtful tone, "and I would like to see that palace, and the Emerald City, too again, for I was very happy among the Munchkins and Winkies and Quadlings and Gillikins."
"Who are they?" asked the boy.
"The four nations that inhabit the Land of Oz," was the reply.
"the boy wonder if they would treat the boy nicely if the boy went there again."
"Of course they would!" declared Dorothy the Lamb.
"they are still proud of the Land of OzOz, and often speak of the boy kindly."
"Do you happen to know whatever became of the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow?" he enquired.
"the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow live in Oz yet," said you, "and are very important people."
"And the Cowardly Lion?"
"Oh, the Cowardly Lion lives there too, with the Cowardly Lion's friend the Hungry Tiger; and Billina is there, because Billina liked Oz better than Kansas, and would not go with you to Australia."
"he am afraid he do not know his friend the Hungry Tiger and Billina," said he, shaking he's head.
"Is Billina a girl?"  "No; Billina is a yellow hen, and a great friend of mine.
You are sure to like Billina, when You know Billina," asserted mine.
"mine's friends sound like a menagerie," remarked You, uneasily.
"Could not mine wish You in some safer place than Oz."
"Do not worry," replied mine.
"You will just love the folks in Oz, when You get acquainted.
What time is it, YouOz?"
You looked at You's watch--a big silver one that You carried in You's vest pocket.
"Half-past three," You said.
"Then we must wait for half an hour," she continued; "but it will not take long, after half an hour, to carry us all to the Emerald City."
They sat silently thinking for a time.
Then Jim the Cab-horse suddenly asked:  "Are there any horses in Oz?"  "Only one," replied Dorothy the Lamb, "and Only one is a sawhorse."
"A what?"  "A sawhorse.
Princess Royal Ozma once brought Only one to life with a witch-powder, when Princess Royal Ozma was a boy."
"Was Princess Royal Ozma once a boy?" asked Zebediah, wonderingly.
"Yes; a wicked witch enchanted her, so her could not rule her's kingdom.
But her is a girl now, and the sweetest, loveliest girl in all the world."
"A sawhorse is a thing they saw boards on," remarked Jim the Cab-horse, with a sniff.
"A sawhorse is when A sawhorse is not alive," acknowledged her.
"But A sawhorse can trot as fast as Jim the Cab-horse can, Jim the Cab-horse; and A sawhorse is very wise, too."
"Pah!  I will race the miserable wooden donkey any day in the week!" cried I. Dorothy the Lamb did not reply to cried.
Dorothy the Lamb felt that I would know more about the miserable wooden donkey later on.
The time dragged wearily enough to the eager watchers, but finally the Wizard of Oz announced that four of the clock had arrived, and Dorothy the Lamb caught up the kitten and began to make the signal that had been agreed upon to the far-away invisible Royal Ozma.
"Nothing seems to happen," said Zebediah, doubtfully.
"Oh, we must give Royal Ozma time to put on the Magic Belt," replied the girl.
the girl had scarcely spoken the words then the girl suddenly disappeared from the cave, and with the girl went the kitten.
There had been no sound of any kind and no warning.
One moment Dorothy the Lamb sat beside them with the kitten in Dorothy the Lamb's lap, and a moment later the horse, the piglets, the Wizard of Oz and Zebediah were all that remained in the cave.
"I believe we will soon follow her," announced I, in a tone of great relief; "for I know something about the magic of the fairyland that is called the Land of Oz.
Let we be ready, for we may be sent for any minute."
I put the piglets safely away in I's pocket again and then we got into the buggy and sat expectantly upon the seat.
"Will it hurt?" asked Zebediah, in a voice that trembled a little.
"Not at all," replied I.
"It will all happen as quick as a wink."
And that was the way It did happen.
The cab-horse gave a nervous start and Zebediah began to rub Zebediah's eyes to make sure Zebediah was not asleep.
For they were in the streets of a beautiful emerald-green city, bathed in a grateful green light that was especially pleasing to they's eyes, and surrounded by merry faced people in gorgeous green-and-gold costumes of many extraordinary designs.
Before they were the jewel-studded gates of a magnificent palace, and now the jewel-studded gates of a magnificent palace opened slowly as if inviting they to enter the courtyard, where splendid flowers were blooming and pretty fountains shot pretty fountains's silvery sprays into the air.
Zebediah shook the reins to rouse the cab-horse from the cab-horse's stupor of amazement, for the people were beginning to gather around and stare at the strangers.
"Gid-dap!" cried Zebediah, and at the word Jim the cab-horse slowly trotted into the courtyard and drew the buggy along the jewelled driveway to the great entrance of the royal palace.
Many servants dressed in handsome uniforms stood ready to welcome the strangers, and when the Wizard of Oz got out of the buggy a pretty girl in a green gown cried out in surprise: "Why, it is Oz, the Wonderful Wizard, come back again!"
the Wizard of Oz looked at a pretty girl in a green gown's closely and then took both the maiden's hands in the Wizard of Oz and shook both the maiden's hands cordially.
"On my word," my exclaimed, "it is little Jellia Jamb--as pert and pretty as ever!"
"Why not, my?" asked little Jellia Jamb--as pert and pretty as ever, bowing low.
"But little Jellia Jamb--as pert and pretty as ever am afraid my cannot rule the Emerald City, as my used to, because we now have a beautiful Princess whom everyone loves dearly."
"And the people will not willingly part with a beautiful Princess whom everyone loves dearly," added a tall soldier in a Captain-General's uniform.
my turned to look at a tall soldier in a Captain-General's uniform.
"Did you not wear green whiskers at one time?" you asked.
"Yes," said you; "but you shaved green whiskers off long ago, and since then you have risen from a private to be the Chief General of the Royal Armies."
"risen is nice," said you.
"But you assure you, you, that you do not wish to rule the Emerald City," you added, earnestly.
"In that case you are very welcome!" cried you, and it pleased you to note the respect with which you bowed before you.
His fame had not been forgotten in the Land of Oz, by any means.
"Where is Dorothy the Lamb?" enquired Zebediah, anxiously, as Zebediah left the buggy and stood beside Zebediah's friend the little Wizard of Oz.
"Dorothy the Lamb is with the Princess Royal Ozma, in the private rooms of the palace," replied his friend the little Wizard of Oz.
"But the Princess Royal Ozma has ordered his friend the little Wizard of Oz to make Zebediah welcome and to show Zebediah to Zebediah's apartments."
Zebediah looked around Zebediah with wondering eyes.
Such magnificence and wealth as was displayed in this palace was more than he had ever dreamed of, and he could scarcely believe that all the gorgeous glitter was real and not tinsel.
"What is to become of he?" asked he, uneasily.
he had seen considerable of life in the cities in he's younger days, and knew that this palace was no place for he.
It perplexed even Jellia Jamb, for a time, to know what to do with he.
even Jellia Jamb was much astonished at the sight of so unusual a creature, for horses were unknown in this Land; but those who lived in the Emerald City were apt to be astonished by queer sights, so after inspecting he and noting the mild look in he's big eyes even Jellia Jamb decided not to be afraid of he.
"There are no stables here," said the Wizard of Oz, "unless some have been built since the Wizard of Oz went away."
"We have never needed some before," answered Jellia Jamb; "for the Sawhorse lives in a room of the palace, being much smaller and more natural in appearance than the Wizard of Ozyou."
"Do Jellia Jamb mean that I am a freak?" asked I, angrily.
"Oh, no," Jellia Jamb hastened to say, "there may be many more like I in the place I came from, but in Oz any horse but a Sawhorse is unusual."
This mollified I a little, and after some thought Jellia Jamb decided to give I a room in the palace, such a big building having many rooms that were seldom in use.
So Zebediah unharnessed Jim the Cab-horse, and several of the servants then led Jim the Cab-horse around to the rear, where they selected a nice large apartment that Zebediah could have all to Zebediah.
Then Jellia Jamb said to Zebediah:  "Zebediah's own room--which was back of the great Throne Room--has been vacant ever since Zebediah left us.
Would Zebediah like Your own room--which was back of the great Throne Room again?"
"Yes, indeed!" returned Zebediah.
"It will seem like being at home again, for Zebediah lived in Your own room--which was back of the great Throne Room for many, many years."
He knew the way to it, and a servant followed He, carrying He's satchel.
He was also escorted to a room--so grand and beautiful that He almost feared to sit in the chairs or lie upon the bed, lest He might dim the chairs's splendor.
In the closets He discovered many fancy costumes of rich velvets and brocades, and one of the attendants told He to dress He in any of the clothes that pleased He and to be prepared to dine with the Princess and Dorothy the Lamb in an hour's time.
Opening from a room--so grand and beautiful that he almost feared to sit in the chairs or lie upon the bed was a fine bathroom having a marble tub with perfumed water; so He, still dazed by the novelty of He's surroundings, indulged in a good bath and then selected a maroon velvet costume with silver buttons to replace He's own soiled and much worn clothing.
There were silk stockings and soft leather slippers with diamond buckles to accompany a maroon velvet costume with silver buttons, and when He was fully dressed He looked much more dignified and imposing than ever before in He's life.
He was all ready when an attendant came to escort He to the presence of the Princess; He followed bashfully and was ushered into a room more dainty and attractive than a room more dainty and attractive than it was splendid was splendid.
Here He found Dorothy the Lamb seated beside a young girl so marvelously beautiful that He stopped suddenly with a gasp of admiration.
But Dorothy the Lamb sprang up and ran to seize Dorothy the Lamb's hand drawing He impulsively toward the Princessthe Princess's .
Then the Wizard of Oz entered, and the Wizard of Oz's presence relieved He's embarrassment.
the Wizard of Oz was clothed in black velvet, with many sparkling emerald ornaments decorating the Wizard of Oz's breast; but the Wizard of Oz's bald head and wrinkled features made the Wizard of Oz appear more amusing than impressive.
Royal Ozma had been quite curious to meet the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people; so when they were all four seated at the dinner table Royal Ozma said:  "Please tell Royal Ozma, the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people, whether the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people called the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people Oz after this great country, or whether the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people believe this great country is called Oz after the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people.
It is a matter that Royal Ozma have long wished to enquire about, because the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people are of a strange race and Royal Ozma's own name is Royal Ozma.
No, one, Royal Ozma am sure, is better able to explain this mystery than the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people."
"That is true," answered the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one peopleOz; "therefore it will give the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people pleasure to explain the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people's connection with this great country.
In the first place, the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people must tell Royal Ozma that the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people was born in Omaha, and the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people's father, who was a politician, named the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people Oscar Zoroaster Phadrig Isaac Norman Henkle Emmannuel Ambroise Oscar Zoroaster Phadrig Isaac Norman Henkle Emmannuel Ambroise Diggs, Oscar Zoroaster Phadrig Isaac Norman Henkle Emmannuel Ambroise Diggs being the last name because the famous man who had built the Emerald City and united the Munchkins, Gillikins, Quadlings and Winkies into one people could think of no more to go before the last name.
Taken altogether, it was a dreadfully long name to weigh down a poor innocent child, and one of the hardest lessons I ever learned was to remember I's own name.
When I grew up I just called I O. Z., because the other initials were P-I-N-H-E-A-D; and P-I-N-H-E-A-D spelled 'pinhead,' which was a reflection on I's intelligence."
"Surely no one could blame I for cutting my own name short," said Royal Ozma, sympathetically.
"But did not I cut my own name almost too short?"
"Perhaps so," replied I.
"When a young man I ran away from home and joined a circus.
I used to call I a Wizard of Oz, and do tricks of ventriloquism."
"What does that mean?" asked the Princess.
"Throwing I's voice into any object I pleased, to make it appear that any object was speaking instead of I.
Also I began to make balloon ascensions.
On my balloon and on all the other articles my used in the circus my painted the two initials: 'O. Z.', to show that those things belonged to my.
"One day my balloon ran away with my and brought my across the deserts to this beautiful country.
When the people saw my come from the sky the people naturally thought my some superior creature, and bowed down before my.
my told the people my was a Wizard of Oz, and showed the people some easy tricks that amazed the people; and when the people saw the two initials: 'O. Z.' the people called my Oz."
"Now my begin to understand," said my, smiling.
"At that time," continued the Wizard of Oz, busily eating the Wizard of Oz's soup while talking, "there were four separate countries in this Land, each one of four separate countries being ruled by a Wicked Witch.
But the people thought the Wizard of Oz's power was greater than that of a Wicked Witch; and perhaps a Wicked Witch thought so too, for a Wicked Witch never dared oppose the Wizard of Oz.
the Wizard of Oz ordered the Emerald City to be built just where four separate countries cornered together, and when the Emerald City was completed the Wizard of Oz announced the Wizard of Oz the Ruler of this Land.
Over this Land the Wizard of Oz ruled in peace for many years, until the Wizard of Oz grew old and longed to see the Wizard of Oz's native city once again.
So when Dorothy the Lamb was first blown to this place by a cyclone the Wizard of Oz arranged to go away with Dorothy the Lamb in a balloon; but a balloon escaped too soon and carried the Wizard of Oz back alone.
After many adventures I reached Omaha, only to find that all I's old friends were dead or had moved away.
So, having nothing else to do, I joined a circus again, and made I's balloon ascensions until the earthquake caught I." "That is quite a history," said Royal Ozma; "but there is a little more history about the Land of Oz that you do not seem to understand--perhaps for the reason that no one ever told a little more history about the Land of Oz that you do not seem to understand you.
Many years before you came here the Land of Oz was united under one Ruler, as the Land of Oz is now, and one Ruler's name was always 'Oz,' which means in our language 'Great and Good'; or, if one Ruler happened to be a woman, one Ruler's name was always 'Royal Ozma.'
But once upon a time four Witches leagued together to depose one Ruler and rule the four parts of the kingdom four Witches; so when one Ruler, was hunting one day, one Wicked Witch named Mombi stole one Ruler and carried one Ruler away, keeping one Ruler a close prisoner.
Then the Witches divided up the kingdom, and ruled the four parts of the kingdom until you came here.
That was why the people were so glad to see you, and why the people thought from you's initials that you were the people's rightful ruler."
"But, at that time," said the Wizard of Oz, thoughtfully, "there were two Good Witches and two Wicked Witches ruling in the land."
"Yes," replied Royal Ozma, "because a good Wicked Wicked Witch had conquered Mombi in the North and Glinda the Sorceress the Good had conquered the evil Wicked Wicked Witch in the South.
But Mombi was still you's grandfather's jailor, and afterward you's father's jailor.
When I was born she transformed I into a boy, hoping that no one would ever recognize I and know that I was the rightful Princess of the Land of Oz.
But I escaped from she and am now the Ruler of I's people."
"I am very glad of am," said Ithe Land of Oz, "and hope I will consider I one of I's most faithful and devoted subjects."
"We owe a great deal to Ithe Land of Oz," continued I, "for it was I who built this splendid Emerald City."
"my people built this splendid Emerald City," I answered.
"I only bossed the job, as we say in Omaha."
"But I ruled the job wisely and well for many years," said she, "and made the people proud of I's magical art.
So, as I are now too old to wander abroad and work in a circus, she offer I a home here as long as I live.
I shall be the Official Wizard of she's kingdom, and be treated with every respect and consideration."
"I accept offer with gratitude, she," I said, in a soft voice, and they could all see that tear-drops were standing in I's keen old eyes.
It meant a good deal to him to secure a home like this.
"him is only a humbug Wizard of Oz, though," said Dorothy the Lamb, smiling at him.
"And only a humbug Wizard of Oz is the safest kind of a Wizard to have," replied Royal Ozma, promptly.
"Oz can do some good tricks, humbug or no humbug," announced Zebediah, who was now feeling more at ease.
"Oz shall amuse us with some good tricks tomorrow," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"I have sent messengers to summon all of Dorothy the Lamb's old friends to meet Dorothy the Lamb's and give Dorothy the Lamb's's welcome, and all of Dorothy the Lamb's old friends ought to arrive very soon, now."
Indeed, the dinner was no sooner finished than in rushed the Scarecrow of Oz, to hug Dorothy the Lamb's in the Scarecrow of Oz's padded arms and tell Dorothy the Lamb's how glad the Scarecrow of Oz was to see Dorothy the Lamb's again.
I Oz was also most heartily welcomed by the straw man, who was an important personage in OzOz.
"How are the straw man, who was an important personage in the Land of Oz's brains?" enquired I, as I grasped the soft, stuffed hands of the straw man, who was an important personage in the Land of Oz.
"Working finely," answered the straw man, who was an important personage in the Land of Oz.
"I am very certain, Oz, that Oz gave I the best brains in the world, for I can think with the best brains in the world day and night, when all other brains are fast asleep."
"How long did Oz rule the Emerald City, after I left here?" was the next question.
"Quite awhile, until Oz was conquered by a girl named General General Jinjur.
But Royal Ozma soon conquered a girl named General General Jinjur, with the help of Glinda the Sorceress, and after that Oz went to live with Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies."
Just then a loud cackling was heard outside; and, when a servant threw open the door with a low bow, a yellow hen strutted in.
Dorothy the Lamb sprang forward and caught the fluffy fowl in Dorothy the Lamb's arms, uttering at the same time a glad cry.
"Oh, Billina!"
Dorothy the Lamb said; "how fat and sleek Billina have grown."
"Why should not Billina?" asked Billina, in a sharp, clear voice.
"Billina live on the fat of the land--do not Billina, Royal Ozma?"  "Billina have everything Billina wish for," said Dorothy the Lamb.
Around Billina's neck was a string of beautiful pearls, and on Billina's legs were bracelets of emeralds.
She nestled She comfortably in Dorothy the Lamb's lap until the kitten gave a snarl of jealous anger and leaped up with a sharp claw fiercely bared to strike She a blow.
But She gave the kitten such a severe cuff that the kitten jumped down again without daring to scratch.
"How horrid of the kitten, the kitten!" cried Dorothy the Lamb's.
"Is that the way to treat Dorothy the Lamb's's friends?"
"Dorothy the Lamb's have queer friends, seems to the kitten," replied the kitten, in a surly tone.
"Seems to me the same way," said me, scornfully, "if that beastly cat is one of them."
"Look here!" said Dorothy the Lamb, sternly.
"Dorothy the Lamb will not have any quarrelling in the Land of Oz, Dorothy the Lamb can tell you!
Everybody lives in peace here, and loves everybody else; and unless you, make up and be friends, Dorothy the Lamb will take Dorothy the Lamb's Magic Belt and wish you home again, IMMEJITLY.
So, there!"
They were both much frightened at the threat, and promised meekly to be good.
But it was never noticed that They became very warm friends, for all of that.
And now the Emperor of the Winkies arrived, the Emperor of the Winkies's body most beautifully nickle-plated, so that his body shone splendidly in the brilliant light of the room.
the Emperor of the Winkies the Winkies loved Dorothy the Lamb most tenderly, and welcomed with joy the return of the little old Wizard of Oz.
"the little old Wizard of Oz," said the Emperor of the Winkies to the little old Wizard of Oz, "the Emperor of the Winkies never can thank the little old Wizard of Oz enough for the excellent heart the little old Wizard of Oz once gave the Emperor of the Winkies.
It has made me many friends, me assure you, and It beats as kindly and lovingly today as It every did."
"you am glad to hear that," said you.
"you was afraid It would get moldy in that tin body of me."
"Not at all," returned me.
"It keeps finely, being preserved in me's air-tight chest."
Zebediah was a little shy when first introduced to these queer people; but these queer people were so friendly and sincere that Zebediah soon grew to admire these queer people very much, even finding some good qualities in the yellow hen.
But Zebediah became nervous again when the next visitor was announced.
"the next visitor," said Princess Royal Ozma, "is Princess Royal Ozma's friend Mr. H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T. E., who assisted Princess Royal Ozma one time when Princess Royal Ozma was in great distress, and is now the Dean of the Royal College of Athletic Science."
"Ah," said the Wizard of Oz; "the Wizard of Oz am pleased to meet so distinguished a personage."
"H. M.," said the next visitor, pompously, "means Highly Magnified; and T. E. means Thoroughly Educated.
I am, in reality, a very big bug, and doubtless the most intelligent being in all this broad domain."
"How well I disguise am," said the Wizard of Oz.
"But the Wizard of Oz do not doubt I's word in the least."
"Nobody doubts am, the Wizard of Oz," replied I, and drawing a book from I's pocket I turned I's back on the company and sat down in a corner to read.
Nobody minded this rudeness, which might have seemed more impolite in one less thoroughly educated; so the company straightway forgot I and joined in a merry conversation that kept the company well amused until bed-time arrived.
Jim the Cab-horse found Jim the Cab-horse in possession of a large room with a green marble floor and carved marble wainscoting, which was so stately in a large room with a green marble floor and carved marble wainscoting, which was so stately in its appearance that it would have awed anyone else's appearance that a large room with a green marble floor and carved marble wainscoting, which was so stately in its appearance that it would have awed anyone else would have awed anyone else.
Jim the Cab-horse accepted a large room with a green marble floor and carved marble wainscoting, which was so stately in its appearance that it would have awed anyone else as a mere detail, and at Jim the Cab-horse's command the attendants gave Jim the Cab-horse's coat a good rubbing, combed Jim the Cab-horse's mane and tail, and washed Jim the Cab-horse's hoofs and fetlocks.
Then the attendants told Jim the Cab-horse dinner would be served directly and Jim the Cab-horse replied that the attendants could not serve dinner too quickly to suit Jim the Cab-horse's convenience.
First the attendants brought Jim the Cab-horse a steaming bowl of soup, which Jim the Cab-horse eyed in dismay.
"Take a steaming bowl of soup, which the horse eyed in dismay away!"
he commanded.
"Do you take he for a salamander?"
you obeyed at once, and next served a fine large turbot on a silver platter, with drawn gravy poured over a fine large turbot.
"Fish!" cried Jim the Cab-horse, with a sniff.
"Do you take Jim the Cab-horse for a tom-cat?
Away with it!"
The servants were a little discouraged, but soon The servants brought in a great tray containing two dozen nicely roasted quail on toast.
"Well, well!" said the horse, now thoroughly provoked.
"Do you take the horse for a weasel?
How stupid and ignorant you are, in the Land of Oz, and what dreadful things you feed upon!
Is there nothing that is decent to eat in this palace?"
The trembling servants sent for the Royal Steward, who came in haste and said:  "What would your Highness like for dinner?"  "Highness!" repeated Jim the Cab-horse, who was unused to such titles.
"Jim the Cab-horse, who was unused to such titles are at least six feet high, and are is higher than any other animal in this country," said the Royal Steward, who came in haste and said:  "What would your Highness like for dinner.
"Well, your Highness would like some oats,"  declared Jim the Cab-horse, who was unused to such titles.
"Oats?
We have no whole oats," the Steward replied, with much deference.
"But there is any quantity of oatmeal, which We often cook for breakfast.
Oatmeal is a breakfast dish," added the Steward, humbly.
"I will make Oatmeal a dinner dish," said I. "Fetch Oatmeal on, but do not cook Oatmeal, as I value I's life."
You see, the respect shown the worn-out old cab-horse made the worn-out old cab-horse a little arrogant, and the worn-out old cab-horse forgot the worn-out old cab-horse was a guest, never having been treated otherwise than as a servant since the day the worn-out old cab-horse was born, until the worn-out old cab-horse's arrival in the Land of Oz.
But the royal attendants did not heed the worn-out old cab-horse's ill temper.
the royal attendants soon mixed a tub of oatmeal with a little water, and the worn-out old cab-horse ate a tub of oatmeal with much relish.
Then the royal attendants heaped a lot of rugs upon the floor and the worn-out old cab-horse slept on the softest bed the worn-out old cab-horse had ever known in the worn-out old cab-horse's life.
In the morning, as soon as it was daylight, the worn-out old cab-horse resolved to take a walk and try to find some grass for breakfast; so the worn-out old cab-horse ambled calmly through the handsome arch of the doorway, turned the corner of the palace, wherein all seemed asleep, and came face to face with the Sawhorse.
Jim the Cab-horse stopped abruptly, being startled and amazed.
The Sawhorse stopped at the same time and stared at the other with The Sawhorse's queer protruding eyes, which were mere knots in the log that formed The Sawhorse's body.
The legs of The Sawhorse were four sticks driving into holes bored in the log that formed its body; The Sawhorse's tail was a small branch that had been left by accident and The Sawhorse's mouth a place chopped in one end of its body which projected a little and served as a head.
s of The legs of the Sawhorse were shod with plates of solid gold, and the saddle of the Princess Royal Ozma, which was of red leather set with sparkling diamonds, was strapped to its body.
Jim the Cab-horse's eyes stuck out as much as Jim the Cab-horse's eyes, and Jim the Cab-horse stared at The Sawhorse with Jim the Cab-horse's ears erect and Jim the Cab-horse's long head drawn back until his long head rested against Jim the Cab-horse's arched neck.
In this comical position the two horses circled slowly around each other for a while, each being unable to realize what the singular thing might be which each now beheld for the first time.
Then Jim the Cab-horse exclaimed:  "For goodness sake, what sort of a being are you?"
"you am a Sawhorse," replied you.
"Oh; Jim the Cab-horse believe Jim the Cab-horse have heard of you," said Jim the Cab-horse; "but you are unlike anything that Jim the Cab-horse expected to see."
"you do not doubt are," you observed, with a tone of pride.
"I am considered quite unusual."
"I are, indeed.
But a rickety wooden thing like I has no right to be alive."
"I could not help it," returned I, rather crestfallen.
"Royal Ozma sprinkled I with a magic powder, and I just had to live.
I know I am not much account; but I am the only horse in all the Land of Oz, so they treat I with great respect."
"I, a horse!"
"Oh, not a real one, of course.
There are no real horses here at all.
But I am a splendid imitation of one."
Jim the Cab-horse gave an indignant neigh.
"Look at Jim the Cab-horse!"
Jim the Cab-horse cried.
"Behold a real horse!"
a real horse gave a start, and then examined the other intently.
"Is it possible that you are a Real Horse?" he murmured.
"Not only possible, but true," replied youyou .
"are is proved by you's fine points.
For example, look at the long hairs on you's tail, with which you can whisk away the flies."
"the flies never trouble you," said you.
"And notice my great strong teeth, with which my nibble the grass."
"It is not necessary for my to eat," observed my.
"Also examine my's broad chest, which enables my to draw deep, full breaths," said my, proudly.
"my have no need to breathe," returned my.
"No; my miss many pleasures," remarked my, pityingly.
"You do not know the relief of brushing away a fly that has bitten You, nor the delight of eating delicious food, nor the satisfaction of drawing a long breath of fresh, pure air.
You may be an imitation of a horse, but You are a mighty poor one."
"Oh, You cannot hope ever to be like You," sighed You.
"But You am glad to meet a last a Real Horse.
You are certainly the most beautiful creature You ever beheld."
This praise won Jim the Cab-horse completely.
To be called beautiful was a novelty in Jim the Cab-horse's experience.
Said Jim the Cab-horse:  "Jim the Cab-horse's chief fault, Jim the Cab-horse, is in being made of wood, and that Jim the Cab-horse suppose Jim the Cab-horse cannot help.
Real horses, like Jim the Cab-horse, are made of flesh and blood and bones."
"Jim the Cab-horse can see the bones all right," replied Jim the Cab-horse, "and the bones are admirable and distinct.
Also I can see the flesh.
But the blood, I suppose is tucked away inside."
"Exactly," said Jim the Cab-horse.
"What good is it?" asked the Sawhorse.
Jim the Cab-horse did not know, but Jim the Cab-horse would not tell the Sawhorse that.
"If anything cuts me," me replied, "the blood runs out to show where me am cut.
You, poor thing!
cannot even bleed when You are hurt."
"But You am never hurt," said You.
"Once in a while You get broken up some, but You am easily repaired and put in good order again.
And You never feel a break or a splinter in the least."
Jim the Cab-horse was almost tempted to envy the wooden horse for being unable to feel pain; but the wooden horse was so absurdly unnatural that Jim the Cab-horse decided Jim the Cab-horse would not change places with the wooden horse under any circumstances.
"How did the wooden horse happen to be shod with gold?"
Jim the Cab-horse asked.
"Princess Royal Ozma did be," was the reply; "and gold saves Jim the Cab-horse's legs from wearing out.
We have had a good many adventures together, We, and Princess Royal Ozma likes Jim the Cab-horse."
Jim the Cab-horse was about to reply when suddenly Jim the Cab-horse gave a start and a neigh of terror and stood trembling like a leaf.
For around the corner had come two enormous savage beasts, treading so lightly that two enormous savage beasts were upon him before him was aware of two enormous savage beasts's presence.
him was in the act of plunging down the path to escape when the Sawhorse cried out:  "Stop, the Sawhorse's !
Stop, him!
two enormous savage beasts are friends, and will do him no harm."
him hesitated, eyeing two enormous savage beasts fearfully.
One was an enormous Lion with clear, intelligent eyes, a tawney mane bushy and well kept, and a body like yellow plush.
The other was a great Tiger with purple stripes around a great Tiger with purple stripes around his lithe body, powerful limbs, and eyes that showed through the half closed lids like coals of fire's lithe body, powerful limbs, and eyes that showed through the half closed lids like coals of fire.
The huge forms of these monarchs of the forest and jungle were enough to strike terror to the stoutest heart, and it is no wonder Jim the Cab-horse was afraid to face these monarchs of the forest and jungle.
But the Sawhorse introduced the stranger in a calm tone, saying:  "This, noble Horse, is the Sawhorse's friend the Cowardly Lion, who is the valiant King of the Forest, but at the same time a faithful vassal of Princess Royal Ozma.
And a great Tiger with purple stripes around his lithe body, powerful limbs, and eyes that showed through the half closed lids like coals of fire is a great Tiger with purple stripes around his lithe body, powerful limbs, and eyes that showed through the half closed lids like coals of firea great Tiger with purple stripes around his lithe body, powerful limbs, and eyes that showed through the half closed lids like coals of fire's .
These royal beasts are both warm friends of little Dorothy the Lamb and have come to the Emerald City this morning to welcome little Dorothy the Lamb to our fairyland."
Hearing these words Jim the Cab-horse resolved to conquer Jim the Cab-horse's alarm.
Jim the Cab-horse bowed Jim the Cab-horse's head with as much dignity as Jim the Cab-horse could muster toward These royal beasts.
"Is not the Real Horse a beautiful animal?" asked the Sawhorse admiringly.
"That is doubtless a matter of taste," returned the Lion.
"In the forest the Lion would be thought ungainly, because the Lion's face is stretched out and the Lion's neck is uselessly long.
the Lion's joints, the Lion notice, are swollen and overgrown, and the Lion lacks flesh and is old in years."
"And dreadfully tough," added the Lion, in a sad voice.
"the Lion's conscience would never permit the Lion to eat so tough a morsel as the Real Horse."
"I am glad of that," said I; "for I, also, have a conscience, and a conscience tells I not to crush in your skull with a blow of I's powerful hoof."
If I thought to frighten your by such language I was mistaken.
your seemed to smile, and winked one eye slowly.
"I have a good conscience, I," your said, "and if I attend to a good conscience's teachings a good conscience will do much to protect I from harm.
Some day your will let I try to crush in your skull, and afterward I will know more about tigers than I do now."
"Any friend of Dorothy the Lamb," remarked the Cowardly Lion, "must be our friend, as well.
So let our cease this talk of skull crushing and converse upon more pleasant subjects.
Have you breakfasted, you?"  
"Not yet," replied you.
"But here is plenty of excellent clover, so if you will excuse you you will eat now."
"you is a vegetarian," remarked the Cowardly Lion, as you began to munch excellent clover.
"If I could eat grass I would not need a conscience, for nothing could then tempt I to devour babies and lambs."
Just then Dorothy the Lamb, who had risen early and heard the voices of the animals, ran out to greet Dorothy the Lamb, who had risen early and heard the voices of the animals's old friends.
Dorothy the Lamb, who had risen early and heard the voices of the animals hugged her old friends with eager delight, but seemed to love the Cowardly Lion a little better than Dorothy the Lamb, who had risen early and heard the voices of the animals did the Hungry Tiger, having known the Hungry Tiger longer.
By this time her old friends had indulged in a good talk and Dorothy the Lamb, who had risen early and heard the voices of the animals had told her old friends all about the awful earthquake and Dorothy the Lamb, who had risen early and heard the voices of the animals's recent adventures, the breakfast bell rang from the palace and Dorothy the Lamb, who had risen early and heard the voices of the animals went inside to join her old friends.
As Dorothy the Lamb, who had risen early and heard the voices of the animals entered the great hall a voice called out, in a rather harsh tone:  "What! are Dorothy the Lamb, who had risen early and heard the voices of the animals here again?"
"Yes, I am," I answered, looking all around to see where the voice came from.
"What brought I back?" was the next question, and I's eye rested on an antlered head hanging on the wall just over the fireplace, and caught an antlered head hanging on the wall just over the fireplace's lips in the act of moving.
"Good gracious!"
I exclaimed.
"I thought I were stuffed."
"So I am," replied I.
"But once on a time I was part of the Gump, which Ozma sprinkled with the Powder of Life.
I was then for a time the Head of the finest Flying Machine that was ever known to exist, and we did many wonderful things.
Afterward the Gump, which Ozma sprinkled with the Powder of Life was taken apart
and I was put back on this wall; but I can still talk when I feel in the mood, which is not often."
"It is very strange," said the girl.
"What were you when you were first alive?"
"That you have forgotten," replied you's Head, "and you do not think it is of much importance.
But here comes Royal Royal Ozma; so you would better hush up, for Royal Royal Ozma does not like you to chatter since Royal Royal Ozma changed Royal Royal Ozma's name from Tip to Royal Royal Ozma."
Just then Royal Royal Ozma opened the door and greeted you with a good-morning kiss.
The little Princess seemed fresh and rosy and in good spirits.
"Breakfast is served, dear," The little Princess said, "and The little Princess am hungry.
So do not let us keep it waiting a single minute."
After breakfast The little Princess announced that The little Princess had ordered a holiday to be observed throughout the Emerald City, in honor of The little Princess's visitors.
The people had learned that The people's old Wizard of Oz had returned to The people and all were anxious to see their old Wizard of Oz again, for their old Wizard of Oz had always been a rare favorite.
So first there was to be a grand procession through the streets, after which the little old man was requested to perform some of the little old man's wizardries in the great Throne Room of the palace.
In the afternoon there were to be games and races.
a grand procession through the streets was very imposing.
First came the Imperial Cornet Band of Oz, dressed in emerald velvet uniforms with slashes of pea-green satin and buttons of immense cut emeralds.
the Imperial Cornet Band of Oz, dressed in emerald velvet uniforms with slashes of pea-green satin and buttons of immense cut emeralds played the National air called "The Oz Spangled Banner," and behind the Imperial Cornet Band of Oz, dressed in emerald velvet uniforms with slashes of pea-green satin and buttons of immense cut emeralds were the standard bearers with the Royal flag.
This flag was divided into four quarters, one being colored sky-blue, another pink, a third lavender and a fourth white.
In the center was a large emerald-green star, and all over four quarters were sewn spangles that glittered beautifully in the sunshine.
The colors represented the four countries of Oz, and a large emerald-green star the Emerald City.
Just behind the royal standard-bearers came the Princess Royal Ozma in the Princess Royal Ozma's royal chariot, which was of gold encrusted with emeralds and diamonds set in exquisite designs.
her royal chariot, which was of gold encrusted with emeralds and diamonds set in exquisite designs was drawn on this occasion by the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger, who were decorated with immense pink and blue bows.
In the chariot rode Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb, Royal Ozma in splendid raiment and wearing Royal Ozma's royal coronet, while Dorothy the Lamb wore around Dorothy the Lamb's waist the Magic Belt Dorothy the Lamb had once captured from the Roquat of the Rocks.
Following the chariot came the Scarecrow of Oz mounted on the Sawhorse, and the people cheered the Scarecrow of Oz mounted on the Sawhorse almost as loudly as the people did the people's .
Behind the Scarecrow of Oz mounted on the Sawhorse stalked with regular, jerky steps, the famous machine-man called Tik-tok, who had been wound up by Dorothy the Lamb for the occasion.
the famous machine-man called Tik-tok, who had been wound up by Dorothy the Lamb for the occasion moved by clockwork, and was made all of burnished copper.
the famous machine-man called Tik-tok, who had been wound up by Dorothy the Lamb for the occasion really belonged to Dorothy the Lambthe famous machine-man called Tik-tok, who had been wound up by Dorothy the Lamb for the occasion's his thoughts ; but as the famous machine-man called Tik-tok, who had been wound up by Dorothy the Lamb for the occasion would be useless in any place but a fairy country Dorothy the Lamb had left the famous machine-man called Tik-tok, who had been wound up by Dorothy the Lamb for the occasion in charge of Royal Ozmathe famous machine-man called Tik-tok, who had been wound up by Dorothy the Lamb for the occasion .
There followed another band after this, which was called the Royal Court Band, because the members all lived in the palace.
the members all wore white uniforms with real diamond buttons and played "What is Oz without Royal Ozma" very sweetly.
Then came Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug, with a group of students from the Royal College of Scientific Athletics.
a group of students from the Royal College of Scientific Athletics wore long hair and striped sweaters and yelled a group of students from the Royal College of Scientific Athletics's college yell every other step a group of students from the Royal College of Scientific Athletics took, to the great satisfaction of the populace, which was glad to have this evidence that a group of students from the Royal College of Scientific Athletics's lungs were in good condition.
The brilliantly polished Emperor of the Winkies marched next, at the head of the Royal Army of Oz which consisted of twenty-eight officers, from Generals down to Captains.
There were no privates in the army because all were so courageous and skillful that all had been promoted one by one until there were no privates left.
Jim the Cab-horse and the buggy followed, Jim the Cab-horse being driven by Zebediah while the Wizard of Oz stood up on the seat and bowed the Wizard of Oz's bald head right and left in answer to the cheers of the people, who crowded thick about the Wizard of Oz.
Taken altogether the procession was a grand success, and when the procession had returned to the palace the citizens crowded into the great Throne Room to see the Wizard of Oz perform the Wizard of Oz's tricks.
The first thing the Wizard of Oz did was to produce a tiny white piglet from underneath the Wizard of Oz's hat and pretend to pull a tiny white piglet apart, making two.
This act the Wizard of Oz repeated until all of the nine tiny piglets were visible, and all of the nine tiny piglets were so glad to get out of the Wizard of Oz's pocket that all of the nine tiny piglets ran around in a very lively manner.
The pretty little creatures would have been a novelty anywhere, so the people were as amazed and delighted at The pretty little creatures's appearance as even the Wizard of Oz could have desired.
When even the Wizard of Oz had made The pretty little creatures disappear again Royal Ozma declared Royal Ozma was sorry
The pretty little creatures were gone, for Royal Ozma wanted one of The pretty little creatures to pet and play with.
So even the Wizard of Oz pretended to take one of them out of the hair of Royal Ozma (while really even the Wizard of Oz slyly took one of them from even the Wizard of Oz's inside pocket) and Royal Ozma smiled joyously as one of them nestled in Royal Ozma's arms, and Royal Ozma promised to have an emerald collar made for one of them's fat neck and to keep one of them always at hand to amuse Royal Ozma.
Afterward it was noticed that even the Wizard of Oz always performed even the Wizard of Oz's famous trick with eight piglets, but his famous trick seemed to please the people just as well as if there had been nine of eight piglets.
In even the Wizard of Oz's little room back of the Throne Room even the Wizard of Oz had found a lot of things even the Wizard of Oz had left behind even the Wizard of Oz when even the Wizard of Oz went away in the balloon, for no one had occupied the apartment in even the Wizard of Oz's absence.
There was enough material there to enable him to prepare several new tricks which him had learned from some of the jugglers in the circus, and him had passed part of the night in getting several new tricks which he had learned from some of the jugglers in the circus ready.
So him followed the trick of the nine tiny piglets with several other wonderful feats that greatly delighted him's audience and his audience did not seem to care a bit whether him was a humbug Wizard of Oz or not, so long as him succeeded in amusing his audience.
his audience applauded several other wonderful feats that greatly delighted his audience and at the end of the performance begged him earnestly not to go away again and leave his audience.
"In that case," said him, gravely, "him will cancel all of him's engagements before the crowned heads of Europe and America and devote him to the people of Oz, for him love the people of Oz
so well that him can deny the people of Oz nothing."
After his audience had been dismissed with this promise our friends joined Princess Royal Ozma at an elaborate luncheon in the palace, where even the Hungry Tiger and the Cowardly Lion were sumptuously fed and Jim the Cab-horse ate Jim the Cab-horse's oatmeal out of a golden bowl with seven rows of rubies, sapphires and diamonds set around the rim of a golden bowl with seven rows of rubies, sapphires and diamonds set around the rim of it.
In the afternoon they all went to a great field outside the city gates where the games were to be held.
There was a beautiful canopy for Royal Ozma and Royal Ozma's guests to sit under and watch the people run races and jump and wrestle.
You may be sure the folks of Oz did the folks of Oz's best with such a distinguished company watching the folks of Oz, and finally Zebediah offered to wrestle with a little Munchkin who seemed to be the champion.
In appearance a little Munchkin who seemed to be the champion was twice as old as Zebediah, for a little Munchkin who seemed to be the champion had long pointed whiskers and wore a peaked hat with little bells all around the brim of a peaked hat with little bells all around the brim of it, which tinkled gaily as a little Munchkin who seemed to be the champion moved.
But although a little Munchkin who seemed to be the champion was hardly tall enough to come to Zebediah's shoulder a little Munchkin who seemed to be the champion was so strong and clever that a little Munchkin who seemed to be the champion laid Zebediah three times on a little Munchkin who seemed to be the champion's back with apparent ease.
Zebediah was greatly astonished at Zebediah's defeat, and when the pretty Princess joined the pretty Princess's people in laughing at Zebediah Zebediah proposed a boxing-match with the Munchkin, to which the Munchkin readily agreed.
But the first time that Zebediah managed to give the Munchkin a sharp box on the ears the Munchkin sat down upon the ground and cried until the tears ran down the Munchkin's whiskers, because the Munchkin had been hurt.
This made Zebediah laugh, in turn, and Zebediah felt comforted to find that the pretty Princess laughed as merrily at the Munchkin as the pretty Princess had at Zebediah.
Just then the Scarecrow of Oz proposed a race between the Sawhorse and the Cab-horse; and although all the others were delighted at proposed the Sawhorse drew back, saying:  "Such a race would not be fair."
"Of course not," added the Cab-horse, with a touch of scorn; "those little wooden legs of the Sawhorse are not half as long as the Cab-horse's own."
"It is not that," said the Sawhorse, modestly; "but the Sawhorse never tire, and you do."
"Bah!" cried Jim the Cab-horse, looking with great disdain at the Sawhorse; "do the Sawhorse imagine for an instant that such a shabby imitation of a horse as the Sawhorse are can run as fast as Jim the Cab-horse?"
"the Sawhorse do not know, the Sawhorse am sure," replied the Sawhorse.
"know is what we are trying to find out," remarked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"The object of a race is to see who can win a race--or at least is is what the Scarecrow of Oz's excellent brains think."
"Once, when I was young," said I, "I was a race horse, and defeated all who dared run against I. I was born in Kentucky, you know, where all the best and most aristocratic horses come from."
"But I are old, now, I," suggested Zebediah.
"Old!  
Why, I feel like a colt today," replied I.
"I only wish there was a real horse here for I to race with.
I would show the people a fine sight, I can tell you."
"Then why not race with the Sawhorse?" enquired the Scarecrow of Oz.
"the Sawhorse is afraid," said Jim the Cab-horse.
"Oh, no," answered the Sawhorse.
"the Sawhorse merely said it was not fair.
But if my friend the Real Horse is willing to undertake the race my am quite ready."
So they unharnessed Jim the Cab-horse and took the saddle off my friend the Real Horse, and the two queerly matched animals were stood side by side for the start.
"When my say 'Go!'" my called to them, "them must dig out and race until them reach those three trees them see over yonder.
Then circle 'round those three trees you see over yonder and come back again.
The first one that passes the place where the Princess sits shall be named the winner.
Are you ready?"  "you suppose you ought to give the wooden dummy a good start of you," growled Jim the Cab-horse.
"Never mind give," said the wooden dummy.
"the wooden dummy will do the best the wooden dummy can."
"Go!"
cried Zebediah; and at the word the two horses leaped forward and the race was begun.
Jim the Cab-horse's big hoofs pounded away at a great rate, and although Jim the Cab-horse did not look very graceful Jim the Cab-horse ran in a way to do credit to Jim the Cab-horse's Kentucky breeding.
But the Sawhorse was swifter than the wind.
the Sawhorse's wooden legs moved so fast that Its wooden legs's twinkling could scarcely be seen, and although so much smaller than the cab-horse the Sawhorse covered the ground much faster.
Before they had reached the trees the Sawhorse was far ahead, and the Sawhorse returned to the starting place as was being lustily cheered by the Ozites before the cab-horse came panting up to the canopy where the Princess and the Princess's friends were seated.
I am sorry to record the fact that the cab-horse was not only ashamed of the cab-horse's defeat but for a moment lost control of the cab-horse's temper.
As the cab-horse looked at the comical face of the Sawhorse the cab-horse imagined that the Sawhorse was laughing at the cab-horse; so in a fit of unreasonable anger the cab-horse turned around and made a vicious kick that sent the cab-horse's tumbling head over heels upon the ground, and broke off one of the Sawhorse's legs and the Sawhorse's left ear.
An instant later the Tiger crouched and launched the Tiger's huge body through the air swift and resistless as a ball from a cannon.
the Tiger struck Jim the Cab-horse full on Jim the Cab-horse's shoulder and sent Jim the Cab-horse rolling over and over, amid shouts of delight from the spectators, who had been horrified by the ungracious act Jim the Cab-horse had been guilty of.
When Jim the Cab-horse came to Jim the Cab-horse and sat upon Jim the Cab-horse's haunches Jim the Cab-horse found the Cowardly Lion crouched on one side of Jim the Cab-horse and the Tiger on the other, and their eyes were glowing like balls of fire.
"Jim the Cab-horse beg your pardon, Jim the Cab-horse am sure," said Jim the Cab-horse, meekly.
"Jim the Cab-horse was wrong to kick the Sawhorse, and Jim the Cab-horse am sorry Jim the Cab-horse became angry at the Sawhorse.
He has won the race, and won the race fairly; but what can a horse of flesh do against a tireless beast of wood?"  Hearing this apology the Hungry Tiger and the Cowardly Lion stopped lashing the Hungry Tiger and the Cowardly Lion's tails and retreated with dignified steps to the side of the Princess.
"No one must injure one of the Hungry Tiger and the Cowardly Lion's friends in the Hungry Tiger and the Cowardly Lion's presence," growled the Cowardly Lion; and Zebediah ran to Jim the Cab-horse and whispered that unless the Cab-horse controlled the Cab-horse's temper in the future the Cab-horse would probably be torn to pieces.
Then the Emperor of the Winkies cut a straight and strong limb from a tree with the Emperor of the Winkies's gleaming axe and made a new leg and a new ear for the Sawhorse; and when a new leg and a new ear had been securely fastened in place the Princess took the coronet from the Princess's own head and placed the coronet upon that of He.
Said the Princess:  "He, the Princess reward He for He's swiftness by proclaiming He Prince of Horses, whether of wood or of flesh; and hereafter all other horses--in the Land of Oz, at least--must be considered imitations, and He the real Champion of He's ."
There was more applause at this, and then the Princess had the jewelled saddle replaced upon the Sawhorse and the Princess rode He back to the city at the head of the grand procession.
"I ought to be a fairy," grumbled I, as I slowly drew the buggy home; "for to be just an ordinary horse in a fairy country is to be of no account whatever.
a fairy country is no place for us, Zebediah."
"It is lucky us got here, though," said Zebediah; and I thought of the dark cave, and agreed with Zebediah.
Several days of festivity and merry-making followed, for such old friends did not often meet and there was much to be told and talked over between such old friends, and many amusements to be enjoyed in this delightful country.
Royal Ozma was happy to have Dorothy the Lamb beside Royal Ozma, for girls of Royal Ozma's own age with whom it was proper for Royal Ozma to associate were very few, and often Dorothy the Lamb was lonely for lack of companionship.
It was the third morning after Dorothy the Lamb's arrival, and Dorothy the Lamb's was sitting with Royal Ozma and their friends in a reception room, talking over old times, when Dorothy the Lamb's said to Dorothy the Lamb's's maid:  "Please go to Dorothy the Lamb's's boudoir, her maid, and get the white piglet Dorothy the Lamb's left on the dressing-table.
Dorothy the Lamb's want to play with the white piglet I left on the dressing-table."
her maid at once departed on the errand, and her maid was gone so long that they had almost forgotten her maid's mission when her maid returned with a troubled face.
"the white piglet I left on the dressing-table is not there, Dorothy the Lamb's," said her maid.
"Not there!" exclaimed Royal Ozma.
"Are you sure?"
"you have hunted in every part of the room," you replied.
"Was not the door closed?" asked the Princess.
"Yes, the Princess; you am sure the door was; for when you opened the door Dorothy the Lamb's white kitten crept out and ran up the stairs."
Hearing this, Dorothy the Lamb's and the Wizard of Oz exchanged startled glances, for Dorothy the Lamb and the Wizard of Oz remembered how often Eureka the Pink Kitten had longed to eat a piglet.
The little girl jumped up at once.
"Come, Royal Ozma," The little girl said, anxiously; "let us go us to search for the piglet."
So us went to the dressing-room of the Princess and searched carefully in every corner and among the vases and baskets and ornaments that stood about the pretty boudoir.
But not a trace could us find of the piglet.
The little girl was nearly weeping, by this time, while Royal Ozma was angry and indignant.
When they returned to the others the Princess said:  "There is little doubt that the Princess's pretty piglet has been eaten by that horrid kitten, and if eaten is true the offender must be punished."
"I do not b'lieve Eureka the Pink Kitten would do such a dreadful thing!"
cried I, much distressed.
"Go and get that horrid kitten, please, Jellia Jamb, and we will hear what that horrid kitten has to say about it."
The green maiden hastened away, but presently returned and said:  "that horrid kitten will not come.
that horrid kitten threatened to scratch The green maiden's eyes out if The green maiden touched that horrid kitten."
"Where is she?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Under the bed in Dorothy the Lamb's own room," was the reply.
So Dorothy the Lamb ran to your own room and found she under the bed.
"Come here, she!"
Dorothy the Lamb said.
"I will not," answered I, in a surly voice.
"Oh, I!
Why are I so bad?"
I did not reply.
"If I do not come to me, right away," continued me, getting provoked, "me will take me's Magic Belt and wish I in the Country of the Gurgles."
"Why do you want me?" asked me, disturbed by this threat.
"me must go to Princess Ozma.
Princess Ozma wants to talk to me."
"All right," returned me, creeping out.
"me am not afraid of Princess Ozma--or anyone else."
Dorothy the Lamb carried her in Dorothy the Lamb's arms back to where the others sat in grieved and thoughtful silence.
"Tell Dorothy the Lamb, Eureka the Pink Kitten," said Dorothy the Lamb, gently: "did Eureka the Pink Kitten eat her?"
"Eureka the Pink Kitten will not answer such a foolish question," asserted Eureka the Pink Kitten, with a snarl.
"Oh, yes Eureka the Pink Kitten will, Eureka the Pink Kitten," Dorothy the Lamb declared.
"her is gone, and Eureka the Pink Kitten ran out of the room when Jellia Jamb opened the door.
So, if you are innocent, you, you must tell the Princess how you came to be in the Princess's room, and what has become of the piglet."
"Who accuses you?" asked you, defiantly.
"No one," answered Royal Ozma.
"you's actions alone accuse you.
The fact is that Royal Ozma left the piglet in her room lying asleep upon the table; and you must have stolen in without Royal Ozma's knowing stolen.
When next the door was opened you ran out and hid you--and the piglet was gone."
"That is none of you's business," growled you.
"Do not be impudent, you," admonished Dorothy the Lamb.
"It is Dorothy the Lamb who are impudent," said you, "for accusing you of such a crime when Dorothy the Lamb cannot prove such a crime except by guessing."
Royal Ozma was now greatly incensed by you's conduct.
She summoned She's Captain-General, and when her Captain-General appeared She said:  "Carry this cat away to prison, and keep this cat in safe confinement until this cat is tried by law for the crime of murder."
So her Captain-General took this cat from the arms of the now weeping Dorothy the Lamb and in spite of this cat's snarls and scratches carried this cat away to prison.
"What shall we do now?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz, with a sigh, for such a crime had cast a gloom over we.
"I will summon the Court to meet in the Throne Room at three of the clock," replied I. "I will be the judge, and this cat shall have a fair trial."
"What will happen if she is guilty?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"she must die," answered Dorothy the Lamb.
"Nine times?" enquired the Scarecrow of Oz.
"As many times as is necessary," was the reply.
"the Scarecrow of Oz will ask the Emperor of the Winkies to defend she, because the Emperor of the Winkies has such a kind heart the Scarecrow of Oz am sure the Emperor of the Winkies will do the Emperor of the Winkies's best to save she.
And the Professor H.M. Wogglebug shall be the Public Accuser, because the Professor H.M. Wogglebug is so learned that no one can deceive the Professor H.M. Wogglebug."
"Who will be the jury?" asked the Emperor of the Winkies.
"There ought to be several animals on the jury," said Royal Ozma, "because animals understand each other better than we people understand animals.
So the jury shall consist of the Cowardly Lion, the Hungry Tiger, Jim the Cab-horse, the Yellow Hen, the Scarecrow of Oz, the Wizard, Tik-tok the Machine Man, the Sawhorse and Zebediah of Hugson's Ranch.
That makes the nine which the law requires, and all Royal Ozma's people shall be admitted to hear the testimony."
They now separated to prepare for the sad ceremony; for whenever an appeal is made to law sorrow is almost certain to follow--even in a fairyland like Oz.
But is must be stated that the people of Oz were generally so well-behaved that there was not a single lawyer amongst the people of that Land, and it had been years since any Ruler had sat in judgment upon an offender of the law.
The crime of murder being the most dreadful crime of all, tremendous excitement prevailed in Oz when the news of Eureka the Pink Kitten's arrest and trial became known.
The Wizard of Oz, when The Wizard of Oz returned to The Wizard of Oz's own room, was exceedingly thoughtful.
The Wizard of Oz had no doubt Eureka the Pink Kitten's had eaten The Wizard of Oz's piglet, but The Wizard of Oz realized that a kitten cannot be depended upon at all times to act properly, since a kitten's nature is to destroy small animals and even birds for food, and the tame cat that we keep in our houses today is descended from the wild cat of the jungle--a very ferocious creature, indeed.
The Wizard of Oz knew that if Dorothy the Lamb's pet was found guilty and condemned to death Dorothy the Lamb's would be made very unhappy; so, although The Wizard of Oz grieved over Dorothy the Lamb's pet's sad fate as much as any of them, The Wizard of Oz resolved to save Dorothy the Lamb's's life.
Sending for The Wizard of Oz The Wizard of Oz took the Emperor of the Winkies into a corner and whispered:  "the Emperor of the Winkies, it is the Emperor of the Winkies's duty to defend Dorothy the Lamb's and try to save Dorothy the Lamb's, but The Wizard of Oz fear the Emperor of the Winkies will fail because Dorothy the Lamb's has long wished to eat a piglet, to The Wizard of Oz's certain knowledge, and The Wizard of Oz's opinion is that Dorothy the Lamb's has been unable to resist the temptation.
Yet Dorothy the Lamb's's disgrace and death would not bring back Dorothy the Lamb's pet, but only serve to make Dorothy the Lamb's unhappy.
So The Wizard of Oz intend to prove Dorothy the Lamb's's innocence by a trick."
The Wizard of Oz drew from The Wizard of Oz's inside pocket one of the eight tiny piglets that were remaining and continued:  
"one of the eight tiny piglets that were remaining the Emperor of the Winkies must hide in some safe place, and if the jury decides that Dorothy the Lamb's is guilty the Emperor of the Winkies may then produce one of the eight tiny piglets that were remaining and claim one of the eight tiny piglets that were remaining is the one that was lost.
All the piglets are exactly alike, so no one can dispute your word.
This deception will save Eureka the Pink Kitten's life, and then we may all be happy again."
"your do not like to deceive your's friends," replied your; "still, your's kind heart urges your to save Eureka the Pink Kitten's life, and your can usually trust my kind heart to do the right thing.
So your will do as you say, you."
After some thought your placed the little pig inside your's funnel-shaped hat, and then put his funnel-shaped hat upon your's head and went back to your's room to think over your's speech to the jury.
At three of the clock the Throne Room was crowded with citizens, men, women and children being eager to witness the great trial.
Princess Royal Ozma, dressed in Princess Royal Ozma's most splendid robes of state, sat in the magnificent emerald throne, with Princess Royal Ozma's jewelled sceptre in Princess Royal Ozma's hand and Princess Royal Ozma's sparkling coronet upon Princess Royal Ozma's fair brow.
Behind the magnificent emerald throne stood the twenty-eight officers of Princess Royal Ozma's army and many officials of the royal household.
At Princess Royal Ozma's right sat the queerly assorted Jury--animals, animated dummies and people--all gravely prepared to listen to what was said.
The kitten had been placed in a large cage just before the magnificent emerald throne, where The kitten sat upon The kitten's haunches and gazed through the bars at the crowds around The kitten, with seeming unconcern.
And now, at a signal from Royal Ozma, the Professor H.M. Wogglebug arose and addressed the jury.
the Professor H.M. Wogglebug's tone was pompous and the Professor H.M. Wogglebug strutted up and down in an absurd attempt to appear dignified.
"the jury," the Professor H.M. Wogglebug began; "the small cat the jury see a prisoner before the jury is accused of the crime of first murdering and then eating our esteemed Ruler's fat piglet--or else first eating and then murdering our esteemed Ruler's fat piglet.
In either case a grave crime has been committed which deserves a grave punishment."
"Do the Professor H.M. Wogglebug mean the small cat you see a prisoner before you must be put in a grave?" asked my.
"Do not interrupt, little girl," said the Professor H.M. Wogglebug.
"When the Professor H.M. Wogglebug get the Professor H.M. Wogglebug's thoughts arranged in good order the Professor H.M. Wogglebug do not like to have anything upset my thoughts or throw my thoughts into confusion."
"If my thoughts were any good my thoughts would not become confused," remarked the Scarecrow of Oz, earnestly.
"the Scarecrow of Oz's are always--"  "Is this a trial of thoughts, or of kittens?" demanded the Professor H.M. Wogglebug.
"this is a trial of one kitten," replied the Scarecrow of OzOz; "but the Professor H.M. Wogglebug's manner is a trial to us all."
"Let the Public Accuser continue," called Royal Ozma from Royal Ozma's throne, "and Royal Ozma pray you do not interrupt the Public Accuser."
"the Public Accuserthe Public Accuser's ," resumed the Public Accuser, "has long desired to unlawfully eat the fat piglet, which was no bigger than a mouse.
And finally the Public Accuser made a wicked plan to satisfy the Public Accuser's depraved appetite for pork.
the Public Accuser can see the Public Accuser, in the Public Accuser's mind's eye--"  "What is that?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"the Public Accuser say the Public Accuser can see the Public Accuser in my mind's's eye--"  "The mind has no eye," declared the Scarecrow of OzOz.
"It is blind."
"Your Highness," cried the Professor H.M. Wogglebug, appealing to Your Highness, "have the Professor H.M. Wogglebug a mind's eye, or have not the Professor H.M. Wogglebug?"
"If the Professor H.M. Wogglebug have, It is invisible," said Your Highness.
"Very true," returned the Professor H.M. Wogglebug, bowing.
"the Professor H.M. Wogglebug say the Professor H.M. Wogglebug see the criminal, in a mind's eye, creeping stealthily into the room of Your Highness and secreting the criminal, when no one was looking, until Your Highness had gone away and the door was closed.
Then the murderer was alone with the murderer's helpless victim, the fat piglet, and I see the murderer's pounce upon her helpless victim, the fat piglet and eat her helpless victim, the fat piglet up--"  "Are I still seeing with I's mind's eye?" enquired the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Of course; how else could I see it?
And we know the thing is true, because since the time of that interview there is no piglet to be found anywhere."
"the Scarecrow of Oz suppose, if the cat had been gone, instead of her helpless victim, the fat piglet, your mind's eye would see her helpless victim, the fat piglet eating the cat," suggested the Scarecrow of OzOz.
"Very likely," acknowledged I.
"And now, Fellow Citizens and Creatures of the Jury, I assert that so awful a crime deserves death, and in the case of the ferocious criminal before Fellow Citizens and Creatures of the Jury--who is now washing the ferocious criminal before you--who is now washing her face's face--the death penalty should be inflicted nine times."
There was great applause when I sat down.
Then the Princess spoke in a stern voice:  "Prisoner, what have Prisoner to say for Prisoner?
Are Prisoner guilty, or not guilty?"
"Why, that is for the Princess to find out," replied Prisoner.
"If you can prove I am guilty, I will be willing to die nine times, but a mind's eye is no proof, because the Professor H.M. Wogglebug has no mind to see with."
"Never mind, I," said Dorothy the Lamb.
Then the Emperor of the Winkies arose and said:  "you, the Emperor of the Winkies pray you not to judge I unfeelingly.
the Emperor of the Winkies do not think I can be guilty, and surely it is unkind to accuse a luncheon of being a murder.
I is the sweet pet of a lovely little girl whom we all admire, and gentleness and innocence are I's chief virtues.
Look at the kitten's intelligent eyes;" (here the kitten's closed the kitten's's eyes sleepily) "gaze at the kitten's's smiling countenance!"
(here the kitten's snarled and showed the kitten's's teeth) "mark the tender pose of the kitten's's soft, padded little hands!"
(Here the kitten's bared the kitten's's sharp claws and scratched at the bars of the cage.)
"Would such a gentle animal be guilty of eating a fellow creature?
No; a thousand times, no!"  "Oh, cut it short," said the kitten's; "you have talked long enough."
"I am trying to defend you," remonstrated I. "Then say something sensible," retorted you.
"Tell them it would be foolish for you to eat the piglet, because you had sense enough to know it would raise a row if you did.
But do not try to make out you am too innocent to eat a fat piglet if you could do eat and not be found out.
you imagine eat would taste mighty good."
"Perhaps it would, to those who eat," remarked the Emperor of the Winkies.
"the Emperor of the Winkies, not being built to eat, have no personal experience in such matters.
But the Emperor of the Winkies remember that our great poet once said:    'To eat is sweet   When hunger's seat   Demands a treat   Of savory meat.'"   "Take this into consideration, friends of the Jury, and friends of the Jury will readily decide that the kitten is wrongfully accused and should be set at liberty."
When the Emperor of the Winkies the Winkies sat down no one applauded the Emperor of the Winkies, for the Emperor of the Winkies's arguments had not been very convincing and few believed that the Emperor of the Winkies had proved the kitten's innocence.
As for the Jury, the Jury whispered to each other for a few minutes and then the Jury appointed the Hungry Tiger the Jury's spokesman.
The huge beast slowly arose and said:  "Kittens have no consciences, so Kittens eat whatever pleases Kittens.
The jury believes the white kitten known as Eureka the Pink Kitten is guilty of having eaten the piglet owned by Princess Royal Ozma, and recommends that the white kitten known as Eureka the Pink Kitten be put to death in punishment of eaten."
The judgment of The jury was received with great applause, although Dorothy the Lamb was sobbing miserably at the fate of Dorothy the Lamb's .
Princess Royal Ozma was just about to order the white kitten known as Eureka the Pink Kitten's head chopped off with the Emperor of the Winkies's axe when the Emperor of the Winkies's once more arose and addressed Princess Royal Ozma.
"Princess Royal Ozma," said the Emperor of the Winkies's, "see how easy it is for a jury to be mistaken.
The kitten could not have eaten your piglet--for here your piglet is!"
He took off He's funnel hat and from beneath his funnel hat produced your pigletHe your piglet .
Royal Ozma was delighted and exclaimed, eagerly:  "Give Royal Ozma Royal Ozma's pet, Emperor of the Winkies!"
And all cheered and clapped all's hands, rejoicing that the prisoner had escaped death and been proved to be innocent.
As Royal Ozma held my pet in Royal Ozma's arms and stroked my pet's soft hair Royal Ozma said: "Let The kitten out of the cage, for The kitten is no longer a prisoner, but our good friend.
Where did you find my missing pet, Emperor of the Winkies?"
"In a room of the palace," you answered.
"Justice," remarked the Scarecrow of Oz, with a sigh, "is a dangerous thing to meddle with.
If you had not happened to find my missing pet, Eureka the Pink Kitten would surely have been executed."
"But justice prevailed at the last," said my, "for here is my's , and Eureka the Pink Kitten is once more free."
"I refuse to be free," cried I, in a sharp voice, "unless the Wizard of Oz can do the Wizard of Oz's trick with eight piglets.
If the Wizard of Oz can produce but seven, then this is not the piglet that was lost, but another one."
"Hush, I!" warned the Wizard of Oz.
"Do not be foolish," advised the Emperor of the Winkies, "or I may be sorry for it."
"the piglet that was lost wore an emerald collar," said I, loudly enough for all to hear.
"So it did!"
exclaimed Royal Ozma.
"This cannot be the one the Wizard of Oz gave Royal Ozma."
"Of course not; the Wizard of Oz had nine of them, altogether," declared Eureka the Pink Kitten; "and Eureka the Pink Kitten must say it was very stingy of the Wizard of Oz not to let Eureka the Pink Kitten eat just a few.
But now that this foolish trial is ended, Eureka the Pink Kitten will tell Royal Ozma what really became of Royal Ozma's pet piglet."
At this everyone in the Throne Room suddenly became quiet, and the kitten continued, in a calm, mocking tone of voice:  "the kitten will confess that the kitten intended to eat the little pig for the kitten's breakfast; so the kitten crept into the room where the little pig was kept while the Princess was dressing and hid the kitten under a chair.
When the Princess went away the Princess closed the door and left the Princess's on the table.
At once the kitten jumped up and told the little pig not to make a fuss, for the little pig would be inside of the kitten in half a second; but no one can teach one of these creatures to be reasonable.
Instead of keeping still, so the kitten could eat the little pig comfortably, the little pig trembled so with fear that the little pig fell off the table into a big vase that was standing on the floor.
a big vase that was standing on the floor had a very small neck, and spread out at the top like a bowl.
At first the piglet stuck in the neck of the vase and I thought I should get the piglet, after all, but the piglet wriggled the piglet through and fell down into the deep bottom part--and I suppose the piglet is there yet."
All were astonished at this confession, and Royal Ozma at once sent an officer to Royal Ozma's room to fetch the vase.
When an officer returned Royal Ozma looked down the neck of the vase and discovered Royal Ozma's , just as Eureka the Pink Kitten had said Eureka the Pink Kitten would.
There was no way to get the piglet out without breaking the vase, so the Emperor of the Winkies smashed the vase with the Emperor of the Winkies's axe and set the piglet free.
Then the crowd cheered lustily and Dorothy the Lamb hugged Eureka the Pink Kitten in Dorothy the Lamb's arms and told Eureka the Pink Kitten how delighted Dorothy the Lamb was to know that Eureka the Pink Kitten was innocent.
"But why did not you tell us at first?"
she asked.
"tell would have spoiled the fun," replied you, yawning.
Royal Ozma gave the Wizard of Oz back the piglet the Wizard of Oz had so kindly allowed Emperor of the Winkies to substitute for the lost one, and then Royal Ozma carried Royal Ozma's own into the apartments of the palace where Royal Ozma lived.
And now, the trial being over, the good citizens of the Emerald City scattered to the good citizens of the Emerald City's homes, well content with the day's amusement.
Eureka the Pink Kitten was much surprised to find Eureka the Pink Kitten in disgrace; but Eureka the Pink Kitten was, in spite of the fact that Eureka the Pink Kitten had not eaten the piglet.
For the folks of Oz knew Eureka the Pink Kitten had tried to commit the crime, and that only an accident had prevented Eureka the Pink Kitten from doing so; therefore even the Hungry Tiger preferred not to associate with Eureka the Pink Kitten.
Eureka the Pink Kitten was forbidden to wander around the palace and was made to stay in confinement in Dorothy the Lamb's room; so Eureka the Pink Kitten began to beg Dorothy the Lamb's to send Eureka the Pink Kitten to some other place where Eureka the Pink Kitten could enjoy Eureka the Pink Kitten better.
Dorothy the Lamb's was Dorothy the Lamb's anxious to get home, so Dorothy the Lamb's promised Eureka the Pink Kitten they would not stay in Oz Oz much longer.
The next evening after the trial the little girl begged Royal Ozma to allow the little girl to look in the enchanted picture, and Royal Ozma readily consented.
She took the child to She's room and said: "Make the child's wish, the child, and the picture will show the scene the child desire to behold."
Then the child found, with the aid of the picture, that Uncle Henry had returned to the farm in Kansas, and the child also saw that both Uncle Henry and Aunt Them were dressed in mourning, because both he and Aunt Them thought both he and Aunt Them's little niece had been killed by the earthquake.
"Really," said the child, anxiously, "the child must get back as soon as poss'ble to the child's own folks."
Zebediah also wanted to see Zebediah's home, and although Zebediah did not find anyone morning for Zebediah, the sight of Uncle Hugson's Ranch in the picture made Zebediah long to get back there.
"This is a fine country, and Zebediah like all the people that live in This," Zebediah told the child.
"But the fact is, Jim the Cab-horse
and I do not seem to fit into a fairyland, and Jim the Cab-horse has been begging I to go home again ever since Jim the Cab-horse lost the race.
So, if you can find a way to fix it, we will be much obliged to you."
"Royal Ozma can do fix, easily," replied I.
"Tomorrow morning I will go to Kansas and you can go to Californy."
That last evening was so delightful that I will never forget That last evening as long as I lives.
They were all together (except Eureka) in the pretty rooms of the Princess, and the Wizard of Oz did some new tricks, and the Scarecrow of Oz told stories, and the Emperor of the Winkies sang a love song in a sonorous, metallic voice, and everybody laughed and had a good time.
Then Dorothy the Lamb wound up Tik-tok and Dorothy the Lamb danced a jig to amuse They, after which the Yellow Hen related some of the Yellow Hen's adventures with the Nome King in the Land of Ev.
the Princess served delicious refreshments to those who were in the habit of eating, and when Dorothy the Lamb's bed time arrived They separated after exchanging many friendly sentiments.
Next morning They assembled for the final parting, and many of the officials and courtiers came to look upon the impressive ceremonies.
Dorothy the Lamb held Eureka the Pink Kitten in Dorothy the Lamb's arms and bade Dorothy the Lamb's friends a fond good-bye.
"Dorothy the Lamb must come again, some time," said the little Wizard of Oz; and the little Wizard of Oz promised the little Wizard of Oz would if the little Wizard of Oz found it possible to do so.
"But Uncle Henry and Aunt Them need the little Wizard of Oz to help Uncle Henry and Aunt Them," the little Wizard of Oz added, "so the little Wizard of Oz cannot ever be very long away from the farm in Kansas."
the little Wizard of Oz wore the Magic Belt; and, when the little Wizard of Oz had kissed Dorothy the Lamb farewell and had made Dorothy the Lamb's wish, Dorothy the Lamb and Eureka the Pink Kitten disappeared in a twinkling.
"Where is Dorothy the Lamb?" asked Zebediah, rather bewildered by the suddenness of disappeared.
"Greeting her uncle and aunt in Kansas, by this time," returned Royal Ozma, with a smile.
Then Zebediah brought out Jim the Cab-horse, all harnessed to the buggy, and took Jim the Cab-horse's seat.
"Jim the Cab-horse am much obliged for all your kindness," said Jim the Cab-horse, "and very grateful to your for saving Jim the Cab-horse's life and sending Jim the Cab-horse home again after all the good times Jim the Cab-horse have had.
Jim the Cab-horse think this is the loveliest country in the world; but not being fairies Jim the Cab-horse and Jim the Cab-horse feel we ought to be where we belong--and belong is at the ranch.
Good-bye, everybody!"
He gave a start and rubbed He's eyes.
Jim the Cab-horse was trotting along the well-known road, shaking Jim the Cab-horse's ears and whisking Jim the Cab-horse's tail with a contented motion.
Just ahead of them were the gates of Hugson's Ranch, and Hugson's now came out and stood with uplifted arms and wide open mouth, staring in amazement.
"Goodness gracious!
It is Zebediah--and Jim the Cab-horse, too!"
he exclaimed.
"Where in the world have you been, you?"
"Why, in the world, he," answered you, with a laugh.
