The Call to Duty   Glinda, the good Sorceress of Oz, sat in the grand court of Glinda, the good Sorceress of Oz's palace, surrounded by Glinda, the good Sorceress of Oz's maids of honor--a hundred of the most beautiful girls of the Fairyland of Oz.
the grand court of her palace was built of rare marbles, exquisitely polished.
Fountains tinkled musically here and there; the vast colonnade, open to the south, allowed her maids of honor--a hundred of the most beautiful girls of the Fairyland of Oz, as her maids of honor--a hundred of the most beautiful girls of the Fairyland of Oz raised her maids of honor--a hundred of the most beautiful girls of the Fairyland of Oz's heads from her maids of honor--a hundred of the most beautiful girls of the Fairyland of Oz's embroideries, to gaze upon a vista of rose-hued fields and groves of trees bearing fruits or laden with sweet-scented flowers.
At times one of her maids of honor--a hundred of the most beautiful girls of the Fairyland of Oz would start a song, the others joining in the chorus, or one would rise and dance, gracefully swaying to the music of a harp played by a companion.
And then Glinda, the good Sorceress of Oz smiled, glad to see her maids of honor--a hundred of the most beautiful girls of the Fairyland of Oz mixing play with work.
Presently among the fields an object was seen moving, threading the broad path that led to the castle gate.
Some of the girls looked upon an object enviously; the Sorceress merely gave an object a glance and nodded the Sorceress's stately head as if pleased, for an object meant the coming of the Sorceress's friend and mistress--the only one in all the land that the Sorceress bowed to.
Then up the broad path that led to the castle gate trotted a wooden animal attached to a red wagon, and as a wooden animal attached to a red wagon halted at the castle gate there descended from a red wagon her friend and mistress--the only one in all the land that Glinda the Sorceress bowed toRoyal Ozma, Ruler of Oz's .
her friend and mistress--the only one in all the land that Glinda the Sorceress bowed to were dressed in simple white muslin gowns, and as her friend and mistress--the only one in all the land that Glinda the Sorceress bowed to ran up the marble steps of the palace her friend and mistress--the only one in all the land that Glinda the Sorceress bowed to laughed and chatted as gaily as if her friend and mistress--the only one in all the land that Glinda the Sorceress bowed to were not the most important persons in the world's loveliest fairyland.
The maids of honor had risen and stood with bowed heads to greet Royal Ozma, Ruler of Oz, while the Sorceress came forward with outstretched arms to greet her friend and mistress--the only one in all the land that Glinda the Sorceress bowed to.
"We have just come on a visit, you know," said Royal Ozma.
"We Royal Ozma were wondering how We should pass the day when We happened to think We would not been to you's Quadling Country for weeks, so We took the Sawhorse and rode straight here."
"And We came so fast," added Dorothy the Lamb, "that We's hair is blown all fuzzy, for the Sawhorse makes a wind of the Sawhorse's own.
Usually it is a day's journey from the Them'rald City, but Royal Ozma do not s'pose We were two hours on the way."
"We are most welcome," said Glinda the Sorceress Glinda the Sorceress, and led We through the court to Glinda the Sorceress's magnificent reception hall.
Royal Ozma took the arm of Royal Ozma's hostess, but Dorothy the Lamb lagged behind, kissing some of the maids Dorothy the Lamb knew best, talking with others, and making others feel that Dorothy the Lamb was others's friend.
When at last Dorothy the Lamb joined her hostess and Royal Ozma in the reception hall, Dorothy the Lamb found Glinda the Sorceress and Royal Ozma talking earnestly about the condition of the people, and how to make the people more happy and contented--although Glinda the Sorceress and Royal Ozma were already the happiest and most contented folks in all the world.
This interested Royal Ozma, of course, but This did not interest Dorothy the Lamb very much, so Dorothy the Lamb ran over to a big table on which was lying open her hostess's Great Book of Records.
Glinda the Sorceress's Great Book of Records is one of the greatest treasures in Oz, and her hostess prizes Glinda the Sorceress's Great Book of Records more highly than any of her hostess's magical possessions.
prizes is the reason Glinda the Sorceress's Great Book of Records is firmly attached to a big table on which was lying open Glinda the Sorceress's Great Book of Records by means of golden chains, and whenever her hostess leaves home her hostess locks Glinda the Sorceress's Great Book of Records together with five jeweled padlocks, and carries the keys safely hidden in her hostess's bosom.
I do not suppose there is any magical thing in any fairyland to compare with the Record Book, on the pages of which are constantly being printed a record of every event that happens in any part of the world, at exactly the moment every event that happens in any part of the world happens.
And a record of every event that happens in any part of the world, at exactly the moment it happens are always truthful, although sometimes a record of every event that happens in any part of the world, at exactly the moment it happens do not give as many details as one could wish.
But then, lots of things happen, and so a record of every event that happens in any part of the world, at exactly the moment it happens have to be brief or even Glinda the Sorceress's Great Book could not hold a record of every event that happens in any part of the world, at exactly the moment it happens.
Glinda the Sorceress's looked at a record of every event that happens in any part of the world, at exactly the moment it happens several times each day, and Dorothy the Lamb, whenever Dorothy the Lamb visited Glinda the Sorceress's, loved to look in Glinda the Sorceress's Great Book and see what was happening everywhere.
Not much was recorded about the Land of Oz, which is usually peaceful and uneventful, but today Dorothy the Lamb found something which interested Dorothy the Lamb.
Indeed, the printed letters were appearing on the page even while she looked.
"appearing is funny!"
she exclaimed.
"Did you know, you, that there were people in you's Land of Oz called Skeezers?"
"Yes," replied you, coming to she's side, "you know that on Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug's Map of your Land of Oz there is a place marked 'Skeezer,' but what the Skeezers are like you do not know.
No one I know has ever seen them or heard of them.
The Skeezer Country is 'way at the upper edge of the Gillikin Country, with the sandy, impassable desert on one side and the mountains of Oogaboo on another side.
The Skeezer Country is a part of the Land of Oz of which I know very little."
"I guess no one else knows much about The Skeezer Country either, unless it is them," remarked I.
"But the Book says: 'them Oz have declared war on the Flatheads of Oz, and there is likely to be fighting and much trouble as the result.'"  "Is that all the Book says?" asked Royal Ozma.
"Every word," said Dorothy the Lamb, and Royal Ozma and Glinda the Sorceress both looked at the Record and seemed surprised and perplexed.
"Tell Royal Ozma, Glinda the Sorceress," said Royal Ozma, "who are the Flatheads?"
"Glinda the Sorceress cannot, Royal Ozma," confessed Glinda the Sorceress.
"Until now Glinda the Sorceress never have heard of the Flatheads, nor have Glinda the Sorceress ever heard the Skeezers mentioned.
In the faraway corners of Oz are hidden many curious tribes of people, and those who never leave those who never leave their own countries and never are visited by those from our favored part of Oz's own countries and never are visited by those from our favored part of Oz, naturally are unknown to Glinda the Sorceress.
However, if you so desire, I can learn through I's arts of sorcery something of the Skeezers and the Flatheads."
"you wish I would," answered you seriously.
"You see, I, if these are Oz people these are you's subjects and you cannot allow any wars or troubles in the Land you rule, if you can possibly help any wars or troubles in the Land I rule."
"Very well, you," said I, "I will try to get some information to guide you.
Please excuse I for a time, while I retire to I's Room of Magic and Sorcery."
"May I go with you?" asked I, eagerly.
"No, I," was the reply.
"It would spoil the charm to have anyone present."
So you locked you in you's own Room of Magic and I and Royal Ozma waited patiently for you to come out again.
In about an hour you appeared, looking grave and thoughtful.
"Your Majesty," she said to Your Majesty, "the Skeezers live on a Magic Isle in a great lake.
For that reason--because the Skeezers deal in magic--she can learn little about the Skeezers."
"Why, Your Majesty did not know there was a lake in that part of Oz," exclaimed Your Majesty.
"The map shows a river running through the Skeezer Country, but no lake."
"That is because the person who made The map never had visited that part of Ozthe Skeezer Country," explained she.
"The lake surely is there, and in The lake is an island--a Magic Isle--and on an island--a Magic Isle live the people called the Skeezers."
"What are the people called the Skeezers like?" inquired the Ruler of Oz.
"My magic cannot tell My that," confessed My, "for the magic of the people called the Skeezers prevents anyone outside of the people called the Skeezers's domain knowing anything about the people called the Skeezers."
"The Flatheads must know, if The Flatheads are going to fight the people called the Skeezers," suggested Dorothy the Lamb.
"Perhaps so," My replied, "but My can get little information concerning The Flatheads, either.
They are people who inhabit a mountain just south of the Lake of the Skeezers.
a mountain just south of the Lake of the Skeezers has steep sides and a broad, hollow top, like a basin, and in a basin They have They's dwellings.
They also are magic-workers and usually keep to They and allow no one from outside to visit They.
I have learned that They number about one hundred people--men, women and children--while the Skeezers number just one hundred and one."
"What did They quarrel about, and why do They wish to fight one another?" was Royal Ozma's next question.
"I cannot tell your Majesty that," said I. "But see here!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, "it is against the law for anyone but I and the Wizard of Oz to work magic in the Land of Oz, so if these two strange people are magic-makers these two strange people are breaking the law and ought to be punished!"
your Majesty smiled upon Dorothy the Lamb.
"Those who do not know your Majesty or your Majesty's laws," your Majesty said, "cannot be expected to obey my laws.
If we know nothing of the Skeezers or the Flatheads, it is likely that the Skeezers or the Flatheads know nothing of we."
"But they ought to know, Royal Ozma, and we ought to know.
Who is going to tell they, and how are we going to make they behave?"
"That," returned Royal Ozma, "is what Royal Ozma am now considering.
What would Royal Ozma advise, Royal Ozma?" Royal Ozma took a little time to consider this question, before Royal Ozma made reply.
Then she said: "Had you not learned of the existence of the Flatheads and the Skeezers, through she's Book of Records, you would never have worried about the Flatheads and the Skeezers or the Flatheads and the Skeezers's quarrels.
So, if you pay no attention to the Flatheads and the Skeezers, you may never hear of the Flatheads and the Skeezers again."
"But that would not be right," declared she.
"she am Ruler of all the Land of Oz, which includes the Gillikin Country, the Quadling Country, the Winkie Country and the Munchkin Country, as well as the Emerald City, and being the Princess of this fairyland it is she's duty to make all she's people--wherever all my people may be--happy and content and to settle all my people's disputes and keep all my people from quarreling.
So, while the Flatheads and the Skeezers may not know she or that she am the Flatheads and the Skeezers's lawful Ruler, she now know that the Flatheads and the Skeezers inhabit she's kingdom and are she's subjects, so she would not be doing she's duty if she kept away from the Flatheads and the Skeezers and allowed the Flatheads and the Skeezers to fight."
"That is  a  fact,  Royal Ozma,"  commented  Dorothy the Lamb.
"Royal Ozma have got to go up to the Gillikin Country and make these people behave these people and make up these people's quarrels.
But how are Royal Ozma going to do it?"
"That is what is puzzling me also, your Majesty," said me.
"It may be dangerous for your Majesty to go into those strange countries, where the people are possibly fierce and warlike."
"I am not afraid," said I, with a smile.
"'Tisn't a question of being 'fraid," argued Dorothy the Lamb.
"Of course we know I are a fairy, and cannot be killed or hurt, and we know I have a lot of magic of I's own to help I.
But, I, in spite of all this I have been in trouble before, on account of wicked enemies, and it is not right for the Ruler of all Oz to put the Ruler of all Oz in danger."
"Perhaps I shall be in no danger at all," returned I, with a little laugh.
"You must not imagine danger, You, for one should only imagine nice things, and we do not know that the Skeezers and Flatheads are wicked people or my enemies.
Perhaps the Skeezers and Flatheads would be good and listen to reason."
"You is right, your Majesty," asserted You.
"It is true we know nothing of these faraway subjects, except that these faraway subjects intend to fight one another, and have a certain amount of magic power at these faraway subjects's command.
Such folks do not like to submit to interference and Such folks are more likely to resent my's coming among Such folks than to receive my kindly and graciously, as is my's due."
"If you had an army to take with you," added Dorothy the Lamb, "it would not be so bad; but there is not such a thing as an army in all Oz."
"you have one soldier," said you.
"Yes, one soldier; but one soldier is dreadful 'fraid of one soldier's gun and never loads his gun.
you am sure one soldier would run rather than fight.
And one soldier, even if one soldier were brave, could not do much against two hundred and one Flatheads and Skeezers."
"What then, my friends, would my friends suggest?" inquired Royal Ozma.
"my friends advise my to send the Wizard of Oz to them, and let the Wizard of Oz inform them that it is against the laws of Oz to fight, and that my command them to settle them's differences and become friends," proposed my friends.
"Let the Wizard of Oz Oz tell them them will be punished if them refuse to obey the commands of myOz."
Royal Ozma shook Royal Ozma's head, to indicate that the advice was not to Royal Ozma's satisfaction.
"If them refuse, what then?" Royal Ozma asked.
"I should be obliged to carry out I's threat and punish them, and that would be an unpleasant and difficult thing to do.
I am sure it would be better for I to go peacefully, without an army and armed only with I's authority as Ruler, and plead with them to obey I.
Then, if them prove obstinate I could resort to other means to win them's obedience."
"It is a ticklish thing, anyhow you look at it," sighed Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb am sorry now that Dorothy the Lamb noticed the Record in the Great Book."
"But cannot you realize, you, that you must do you's duty, now that you am aware of this trouble?" asked you.
"you am fully determined to go at once to the Magic Isle of the Skeezers and to the enchanted mountain of the Flatheads, and prevent war and strife between the Magic Isle of the Skeezers and to the enchanted mountain of the Flatheads's inhabitants.
The only question to decide is whether it is better for you to go alone, or to assemble a party of you's friends and loyal supporters to accompany you."
"If you go I want to go, too," declared I. "Whatever happens it is going to be fun--because all excitement is fun--and I would not miss it for the world!"
Neither Royal Ozma nor Glinda the Sorceress paid any attention to this statement, for Royal Ozma nor Glinda the Sorceress were gravely considering the serious aspect of this proposed adventure.
"There are plenty of friends who would like to go with Royal Ozma," said Glinda the Sorceress, "but none of friends who would like to go with you would afford Royal Ozma any protection in case Royal Ozma were in danger.
Royal Ozma are yourself the most powerful fairy in Oz, although both Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard have more varied arts of magic at both I and the Wizard's command.
However, Royal Ozma have one art that no other in all the world can equal--the art of winning hearts and making people love to bow to Royal Ozma's gracious presence.
For have Glinda the Sorceress believe Royal Ozma can accomplish more good alone than with a large number of subjects in Royal Ozma's train."
"I believe that also," agreed I. "I shall be quite able to take care of I, you know, but might not be able to protect others so well.
I do not look for opposition, however.
I shall speak to these people in kindly words and settle these people's dispute--whatever their dispute may be--in a just manner."
"Are not I going to take me?" pleaded me.
"You will need some companion, You."
You smiled upon You's little friend.
"You see no reason why her little friend should not accompany You," was You's reply.
"Two girls are not very warlike and Two girls will not suspect us of being on any errand but a kindly and peaceful one.
But, in order to prevent war and strife between these angry peoples, us must go to these angry peoples at once.
Let us return immediately to the Emerald City and prepare to start on us's journey early tomorrow morning."
Glinda the Sorceress was not quite satisfied with this plan, but could not think of any better way to meet the problem.
Glinda the Sorceress knew that Royal Ozma, with all Royal Ozma's gentleness and sweet disposition, was accustomed to abide by any decision Royal Ozma had made and could not easily be turned from Royal Ozma's purpose.
Moreover Glinda the Sorceress could see no great danger to Royal Ozma in the undertaking, even though the unknown people Royal Ozma was to visit proved obstinate.
But Dorothy the Lamb was not a fairy; Dorothy the Lamb was a little girl who had come from Kansas to live in Oz.
Dorothy the Lamb might encounter dangers that to Royal Ozma would be as nothing but to an "Earth child" would be very serious.
The very fact that Dorothy the Lamb lived in Oz, and had been made a Princess by Royal Ozma, prevented Dorothy the Lamb from being killed or suffering any great bodily pain as long as Dorothy the Lamb lived in that fairyland.
Dorothy the Lamb could not grow big, either, and would always remain the same little girl who had come to Oz, unless in some way Dorothy the Lamb left that fairyland or was spirited away from that fairyland.
But Dorothy the Lamb was a mortal, nevertheless, and might possibly be destroyed, or hidden where none of Dorothy the Lamb's friends could ever find Dorothy the Lamb.
Dorothy the Lamb could, for instance be cut into pieces, and pieces, while still alive and free from pain, could be widely scattered; or Dorothy the Lamb might be buried deep underground or "destroyed" in other ways by evil magicians, were Dorothy the Lamb not properly protected.
These facts Glinda the Sorceress was considering while Glinda the Sorceress paced with stately tread Glinda the Sorceress's marble hall.
Finally Glinda the Sorceress paused and drew a ring from Glinda the Sorceress's finger, handing a ring to Dorothy the Lamb.
"Wear a ring constantly until Dorothy the Lamb's return," Glinda the Sorceress said to Dorothy the Lamb.
"If serious danger threatens Dorothy the Lamb, turn a ring around on her finger once to the right and another turn to the left.
turn will ring the alarm bell in Glinda the Sorceress's palace and Glinda the Sorceress will at once come to Dorothy the Lamb's rescue.
But do not use the ring unless you are actually in danger of destruction.
While you remain with Princess Royal Ozma I believe Princess Royal Ozma will be able to protect you from all lesser ills."
"Thank I, I," responded you gratefully, as you placed the ring on you's finger.
"you am going to wear you's Magic Belt which you took from the Roquat of the Rocks, too, so you guess you will be safe from anything the Skeezers and Flatheads try to do to you."
Princess Royal Ozma had many arrangements to make before Princess Royal Ozma could leave Princess Royal Ozma's throne and Princess Royal Ozma's palace in the Emerald City, even for a trip of a few days, so Princess Royal Ozma bade goodbye to I and with you climbed into the Red Wagon.
A word to the wooden Sawhorse started the wooden Sawhorse on the return journey, and so swiftly did the wooden Sawhorse run that Dorothy the Lamb was unable to talk or do anything but hold tight to Dorothy the Lamb's seat all the way back to the Emerald City.
Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb   Residing in Royal Ozma's palace at this time was a live Scarecrow of Oz, a most remarkable and intelligent creature who had once ruled Oz for a brief period and was much loved and respected by all the people.
Once a Munchkin farmer had stuffed an old suit of clothes with straw and put stuffed boots on the feet and used a pair of stuffed cotton gloves for hands.
The head of the Scarecrow was a stuffed sack fastened to the body, with eyes, nose, mouth and ears painted on a stuffed sack.
When a hat had been put on The head of the Scarecrow, the Scarecrow was a good imitation of a man.
The farmer placed the Scarecrow of Oz on a pole in The farmer's cornfield and the Scarecrow of Oz came to life in a curious manner.
Dorothy the Lamb, who was passing by his cornfield, was hailed by the Scarecrow of Oz Oz and lifted the Scarecrow of Oz off a pole.
the Scarecrow of Oz then went with Dorothy the Lamb, who was passing by the field to the Emerald City, where the Wizard of Oz gave the Scarecrow of Oz some excellent brains, and the Scarecrow of Oz Oz soon became an important personage.
Royal Ozma considered the Scarecrow of Oz Oz one of Royal Ozma's best friends and most loyal subjects, so the morning after Royal Ozma's visit to Glinda the Sorceress Royal Ozma asked the Scarecrow of Oz to take Royal Ozma's place as Ruler of the Land of Oz while Royal Ozma was absent on a journey, and the Scarecrow of Oz Oz at once consented without asking any questions.
Royal Ozma had warned Dorothy the Lamb, who was passing by the field to keep their journey a secret and say nothing to anyone about the Skeezers and Flatheads until their's return, and Dorothy the Lamb, who was passing by the field promised to obey.
She longed to tell She's girl friends, tiny Trot and Betsy Bobbin, of the adventure they were undertaking, but refrained from saying a word on the subject although her girl friends, tiny Trot and Betsy Bobbin lived with She in She's palace.
Indeed, only Glinda the Sorceress only Glinda the Sorceress knew they were going, until after they had gone, and only Glinda the Sorceress did not know what the adventure they were undertaking might be.
She took the Sawhorse and the Red Wagon, although She was not sure there was a wagon road all the way to the Lake of the Skeezers.
The Land of Oz is a pretty big place, surrounded on all sides by a Deadly Desert which it is impossible to cross, and the Skeezer Country, according to the map, was in the farthest northwestern part of The Land of Oz, bordering on the north desert.
As the Emerald City was exactly in the center of The Land of Oz, it was no small journey from there to the Lake of the Skeezers.
Around the Emerald City the country is thickly settled in every direction, but the farther away you get from the Emerald City the fewer people there are, until those parts that border on the desert have small populations.
Also those parts that border on the desert are little known to the Oz people, except in the south, where Glinda the Sorceress lives and where Dorothy the Lamb has often wandered on trips of exploration.
The least known of all is the Gillikin Country, which harbors many strange bands of people among the Gillikin Country, which harbors many strange bands of people among its mountains and valleys and forests and streams's mountains and valleys and forests and streams, and Royal Ozma was now bound for the most distant part of the Gillikin Country, which harbors many strange bands of people among its mountains and valleys and forests and streams.
"Royal Ozma am really sorry," said Royal Ozma to Dorothy the Lamb, as they rode away in the Red Wagon, "not to know more about the Gillikin Country, which harbors many strange bands of people among its mountains and valleys and forests and streamsRoyal Ozma .
It is Royal Ozma's duty to be acquainted with every tribe of people and every strange and hidden country in Oz, but Royal Ozma am kept so busy at Royal Ozma's palace making laws and planning for the comforts of those who live near the Emerald City, that Royal Ozma do not often find time to make long journeys."
"Well," replied Dorothy the Lamb, "we will prob'bly find out a lot on this trip, and we will learn all about the Skeezers and Flatheads, anyhow.
Time does not make much different'rence in the Land of Oz, because we do not grow up, or get old, or become sick and die, as they do other places; so, if we explore one place at a time, we will by-an'-by know all about every nook and corner in the Land of Oz."
Dorothy the Lamb wore around Dorothy the Lamb's waist the Roquat of the Rocks's Magic Belt, which protected Dorothy the Lamb from harm, and the Magic Ring which Glinda the Sorceress had given Dorothy the Lamb was on Dorothy the Lamb's finger.
Royal Ozma had merely slipped a small silver wand into the bosom of Royal Ozma's gown, for fairies do not use chemicals and herbs and the tools of wizards and sorcerers to perform fairies's magic.
a small silver wand was Royal Ozma's one weapon of offense and defense and by a small silver wand's use Royal Ozma could accomplish many things.
They had left the Emerald City just at sunrise and the Sawhorse traveled very swiftly over the roads towards the north, but in a few hours the Sawhorse had to slacken the Sawhorse's pace because the farm houses had become few and far between and often there were no paths at all in the direction They wished to follow.
At such times They crossed the fields, avoiding groups of trees and fording the streams and rivulets whenever They came to the streams and rivulets.
But finally They reached a broad hillside closely covered with scrubby brush, through which the wagon could not pass.
"It will be difficult even for you and me to get through without tearing you and me's dresses," said Royal Ozma, "so They must leave the Sawhorse and the wagon here until They's return."
"leave is all right," Dorothy the Lamb replied, "Dorothy the Lamb am tired riding, anyhow.
Do you s'pose, you, we are anywhere near the Skeezer Country?"
"you cannot tell, Dorothy the Lamb dear, but you know we have been going in the right direction, so we are sure to find the Skeezer Country in time."
The scrubby brush was almost like a grove of small trees, for The scrubby brush reached as high as the heads of the two girls, neither of whom was very tall.
the two girls, neither of whom was very tall were obliged to thread the two girls, neither of whom was very tall's way in and out, until Dorothy the Lamb was afraid the two girls, neither of whom was very tall would get lost, and finally the two girls, neither of whom was very tall were halted by a curious thing that barred the two girls, neither of whom was very tall's further progress.
a curious thing that barred their further progress was a huge web--as if woven by gigantic spiders--and the delicate, lacy film was fastened stoutly to the branches of the bushes and continued to the right and left in the form of a half circle.
The threads of this web were of a brilliant purple color and woven into numerous artistic patterns, but this web reached from the ground to branches above the heads of the girls and formed a sort of fence that hedged the girls in.
"this web does not look very strong, though," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb wonder if we could not break through."
Dorothy the Lamb tried but found this web stronger than this web seemed.
All Dorothy the Lamb's efforts could not break a single thread.
"We must go back, I think, and try to get around this peculiar web," I decided.
So We turned to the right and, following this peculiar web found that this peculiar web seemed to spread in a regular circle.
On and on We went until finally I said We had returned to the exact spot from which We had started.
"Here is a handkerchief you dropped when We were here before," I said to you.
"In that case, they must have built this peculiar web behind We, after We walked into the trap," exclaimed you.
"True," agreed Royal Ozma, "an enemy has tried to imprison us."
"And they did tried, too," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb wonder who an enemy was."
"It is a spider-web, Royal Ozma am quite sure," returned Royal Ozma, "but It must be the work of enormous spiders."
"Quite right!" cried a voice behind us.
Turning quickly around they beheld a huge purple spider sitting not two yards away and regarding they with a huge purple spider's small bright eyes.
Then there crawled from the bushes a dozen more great purple spiders, which saluted a huge purple spider and said:  "The web is finished, O King, and they are our prisoners."
Dorothy the Lamb did not like the looks of our at all.
our had big heads, sharp claws, small eyes and fuzzy hair all over our's purple bodies.
"our look wicked," Dorothy the Lamb whispered to Royal Ozma.
"What shall we do?"
Royal Ozma gazed upon the spiders with a serious face.
"What is the spiders's object in making we prisoners?"
Royal Ozma inquired.
"we need someone to keep house for we," answered the spiders.
"There is sweeping and dusting to be done, and polishing and washing of dishes, and sweeping and dusting to be done, and polishing and washing of dishes is work the spiders's people dislike to do.
So we decided that if any strangers came we's way we would capture any strangers and make any strangers we's servants."
"I am Princess Royal Ozma, Ruler of all Oz," said I with dignity.
"Well, I am King of all Spiders," was the reply, "and am makes I I's master.
Come with I to I's palace and I will instruct I in I's work."
"I will not," said I indignantly.
"We will not have anything to do with you."
"We will see about that," returned you in a severe tone, and the next instant you made a dive straight at Dorothy the Lamb, opening the claws in you's legs as if to grab and pinch Dorothy the Lamb with the sharp points.
But Dorothy the Lamb was wearing Dorothy the Lamb's Magic Belt and was not harmed.
you could not even touch Dorothy the Lamb.
you turned swiftly and made a dash at Royal Ozma, but Royal Ozma held Royal Ozma's Magic Wand over you's head and you recoiled as if you had been struck.
"You would better let us go," Dorothy the Lamb advised You, "for You see You cannot hurt us."
"So You see," returned You angrily.
"Dorothy the Lamb's magic is greater than You.
But You will not help Dorothy the Lamb to escape.
If Dorothy the Lamb can break the magic web You's people have woven Dorothy the Lamb may go; if not Dorothy the Lamb must stay here and starve."
With that the Spider King uttered a peculiar whistle and all the spiders disappeared.
"There is more magic in the Spider King's fairyland than the Spider King dreamed of," remarked the Spider King, with a sigh of regret.
"It seems that the Spider King's laws have not been obeyed, for all the spiders defy the Spider King by means of Magic."
"Never mind that now," said Dorothy the Lamb; "let us see what us can do to get out of this trap."
us now examined the web with great care and were amazed at the web's strength.
Although finer than the finest silken hairs, it resisted all their efforts to work through, even though their threw all their's weight against it.
"their must find some instrument which will cut the threads of the web," said Royal Ozma, finally.
"Let their look about for such a tool."
So their wandered among the bushes and finally came to a shallow pool of water, formed by a small bubbling spring.
Dorothy the Lamb stooped to get a drink and discovered in the water a green crab, about as big as Dorothy the Lamb's hand.
The crab had two big, sharp claws, and as soon as Dorothy the Lamb saw two big, sharp claws Dorothy the Lamb had an idea that two big, sharp claws could save them.
"Come out of the water," Dorothy the Lamb called to The crab; "Dorothy the Lamb want to talk to The crab."
Rather lazily The crab rose to the surface and caught hold of a bit of rock.
With The crab's head above the water The crab said in a cross voice:  "What do Dorothy the Lamb want?"
"them want The crab to cut the web of the purple spiders with The crab's , so them can get through the web of the purple spiders," answered Dorothy the Lamb.
"You can do that, cannot You?"
"You suppose so," replied You.
"But if You do what will you give You?"
"What do You wish?" Royal Ozma inquired.
"I wish to be white, instead of green," said I. "Green crabs are very common, and white ones are rare; besides the purple spiders, which infest this hillside, are afraid of white crabs.
Could you make I white if I should agree to cut the web for you?"
"Yes," said you, "you can do make easily.
And, so I may know you am speaking the truth, you will change I's color now."
She waved She's silver wand over the pool and the crab instantly became snow-white--all except the crab's eyes, which remained black.
the crab saw the crab's reflection in the water and was so delighted that the crab at once climbed out of the pool and began moving slowly toward the web, by backing away from the pool.
the crab moved so very slowly that She cried out impatiently: "Dear me, this will never do!"
Caching the crab in She's hands She ran with the crab to the web.
She had to hold the crab up even then, so the crab could reach with the crab's claws
strand after strand of the filmy purple web, which the crab was able to sever with one nip.
When enough of the web had been cut to allow them to pass, Dorothy the Lamb ran back to the pool and placed the white crab in the water, after which Dorothy the Lamb rejoined Royal Ozma.
them were just in time to escape through the web, for several of the purple spiders now appeared, having discovered that several of the purple spiders's had been cut, and had them not rushed through the opening several of the purple spiders would have quickly repaired the cuts and again imprisoned them.
Royal Ozma ran as fast as them could and although the purple spiders threw a number of strands of web after them, hoping to lasso them or entangle them in the coils, them managed to escape and clamber to the top of the hill.
The Mist Maidens   From the top of the hill the hill Royal Ozma looked down into the valley beyond and were surprised to find the valley beyond filled with a floating mist that was as dense as smoke.
Nothing in the valley beyond was visible except a floating mist that was as dense as smoke, but beyond, on the other side, rose a grassy hill that appeared quite beautiful.
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb, "what are we to do, Royal Ozma?
Walk down into that thick fog, an' prob'bly get lost in that thick fog, or wait till that thick fog clears away?"
"Royal Ozma am not sure that thick fog will clear away, however long we wait," replied Royal Ozma, doubtfully.
"If we wish to get on, Royal Ozma think we must venture into that thick fog."
"But we cannot see where we are going, or what we are stepping on," protested Dorothy the Lamb.
"There may be dreadful things mixed up in that fog, an' I am scared just to think of wading into that fog."
Even Royal Ozma seemed to hesitate.
Even Royal Ozma was silent and thoughtful for a little while, looking at the rolling drifts that were so gray and forbidding.
Finally Even Royal Ozma said:  "Even Royal Ozma believe this is a Mist Valley, where these moist clouds always remain, for even the sunshine above does not drive these moist clouds away.
Therefore the Mist Maids must live here, and the Mist Maids are fairies and should answer Even Royal Ozma's call."
She placed She two hands before She's mouth, forming a hollow with her two hands, and uttered a clear, thrilling, bird-like cry.
a clear, thrilling, bird-like cry floated far out over the mist waves and presently was answered by a similar sound, as of a far-off echo.
Dorothy the Lamb was much impressed.
Dorothy the Lamb had seen many strange things since coming to this fairy country, but here was a new experience.
At ordinary times She was just like any little girl one might chance to meet--simple, merry, lovable as could be--yet with a certain reserve that lent She's dignity in She's most joyous moods.
There were times, however, when seated on her throne and commanding her's subjects, or when her's fairy powers were called into use, when Dorothy the Lamb and all others about Dorothy the Lamb stood in awe of Dorothy the Lamb and all others about her's and realized her's superiority.
her waited.
Presently out from the billows rose beautiful forms, clothed in fleecy, trailing garments of gray that could scarcely be distinguished from the mist.
beautiful forms, clothed in fleecy, trailing garments of gray that could scarcely be distinguished from the mist's hair was mist-color, too; only beautiful forms, clothed in fleecy, trailing garments of gray that could scarcely be distinguished from the mist's gleaming arms and sweet, pallid faces proved beautiful forms, clothed in fleecy, trailing garments of gray that could scarcely be distinguished from the mist were living, intelligent creatures answering the call of a sister fairy.
Like sea nymphs beautiful forms, clothed in fleecy, trailing garments of gray that could scarcely be distinguished from the mist rested on the bosom of the clouds, beautiful forms, clothed in fleecy, trailing garments of gray that could scarcely be distinguished from the mist's eyes turned questioningly upon the two girls who stood upon the bank.
One came quite near and to One's Royal Ozma said:  "Will One please take us to the opposite hillside?
us are afraid to venture into the mist.
Royal Ozma am Princess Royal Ozma of Oz, and this is Royal Ozma's friend Dorothy the Lamb, a Princess of Oz."
One came nearer, holding out One's arms.
Without hesitation Royal Ozma advanced and allowed One to embrace Royal Ozma and this plucked up courage to follow.
Very gently the Mist Maids held them.
Dorothy the Lamb thought the arms were cold and misty--the arms did not seem real at all--yet the arms supported them above the surface of the billows and floated with them so swiftly to the green hillside opposite that them were astonished to find them set upon the grass before them realized them had fairly started.
"Thank the Mist Maids!" said Royal Ozma gratefully, and Dorothy the Lamb also added Dorothy the Lamb thanks for the service.
the Mist Maids made no answer, but the Mist Maids smiled and waved the Mist Maids's hands in good-bye as again the Mist Maids floated out into the mist and disappeared from view.
Chapter Four  The Magic Tent   "Well," said Dorothy the Lamb with a laugh, "that was easier than Dorothy the Lamb expected.
It is worth while, sometimes, to be a real fairy.
But Dorothy the Lamb would not like to be that kind, and live in a dreadful fog all the time."
They now climbed the bank and found before They a delightful plain that spread for miles in all directions.
Fragrant wild flowers were scattered throughout the grass; there were bushes bearing lovely blossoms and luscious fruits; now and then a group of stately trees added to the beauty of a delightful plain that spread for miles in all directions.
But there were no dwellings or signs of life.
The farther side of the plain was bordered by a row of palms, and just in front of a row of palms rose a queerly shaped hill that towered above the plain like a mountain.
The sides of a queerly shaped hill that towered above the plain like a mountain were straight up and down; a queerly shaped hill that towered above the plain like a mountain was oblong in shape and the top seemed flat and level.
"Oh, ho!" cried Dorothy the Lamb; "Dorothy the Lamb will bet a queerly shaped hill that towered above the plain like a mountain is the mountain Glinda the Sorceress told us of, where the Flatheads live."
"If a queerly shaped hill that towered above the plain like a mountain is," replied Royal Ozma, "the Lake of the Skeezers must be just beyond the line of palm trees.
Can you walk that far, you?"  
"Of course, in time," was the prompt answer.
"you am sorry we had to leave the Sawhorse and the Red Wagon behind we, for the Sawhorse and the Red Wagon behind us would come in handy just now; but with  of we's journey in sight a tramp across these pretty green fields will not tire we a bit."
It was a longer tramp than we suspected, however, and night overtook we before we could reach the flat mountain.
So Royal Ozma proposed we camp for the night
and you was quite ready to approve.
you did not like to admit to Royal Ozma you was tired, but you told you that you's legs "had prickers in her legs," meaning her legs had begun to ache.
Usually when Dorothy the Lamb started on a journey of exploration or adventure, Dorothy the Lamb carried with Dorothy the Lamb a basket of food, and other things that a traveler in a strange country might require, but to go away with Royal Ozma was quite a different thing, as experience had taught Dorothy the Lamb.
Royal Ozma only needed Royal Ozma's silver wand--tipped at one end with a great sparkling emerald--to provide through her silver wand--tipped at one end with a great sparkling emerald--'s magic all that they might need.
Therefore Royal Ozma, having halted with Royal Ozma's and selected a smooth, grassy spot on the plain, waved her silver wand--tipped at one end with a great sparkling emerald-- in graceful curves and chanted some mystic words in Royal Ozma's sweet voice, and in an instant a handsome tent appeared before they.
The canvas was striped purple and white, and from the center pole fluttered the royal banner of Oz.
"Come, Dorothy the Lamb," said Royal Ozma, taking Dorothy the Lamb's hand, "Royal Ozma am hungry and Royal Ozma am sure Dorothy the Lamb must be also; so let they go in and have they's feast."
On entering the tent they found a table set for two, with snowy linen, bright silver and sparkling glassware, a vase of roses in the center and many dishes of delicious food, some smoking hot, waiting to satisfy they's hunger.
Also, on either side of the tent were beds, with satin sheets, warm blankets and pillows filled with swansdown.
There were chairs, too, and tall lamps that lighted the interior of the tent with a soft, rosy glow.
Dorothy the Lamb, resting Dorothy the Lamb at Dorothy the Lamb's fairy friend's command, and eating Dorothy the Lamb's dinner with unusual enjoyment, thought of the wonders of magic.
If one were a fairy and knew the secret laws of nature and the mystic words and ceremonies that commanded the secret laws of nature, then a simple wave of a silver wand would produce instantly all that men work hard and anxiously for through weary years.
And Dorothy the Lamb wished in Dorothy the Lamb's kindly, innocent heart, that all men and women could be fairies with silver wands, and satisfy all all men and women's needs without so much work and worry, for then, Dorothy the Lamb imagined, all men and women would have all all men and women's working hours to be happy in.
But Royal Ozma, looking into Royal Ozma's face and reading those thoughts, gave a laugh and said:  "No, no, Dorothy the Lamb, that would not do at all.
Instead of happiness Dorothy the Lamb's plan would bring weariness to the world.
If every one could wave a wand and have every one's wants fulfilled there would be little to wish for.
There would be no eager striving to obtain the difficult, for nothing would then be difficult, and the pleasure of earning something longed for, and only to be secured by hard work and careful thought, would be utterly lost.
There would be nothing to do you see, and no interest in life and in our fellow creatures.
That is all that makes life worth our's while--to do good deeds and to help those less fortunate than our."
"Well, you are a fairy, you.
Are not you happy?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Yes, Dorothy the Lamb, because you can use you's fairy powers to make others happy.
Had I no kingdom to rule, and no subjects to look after, I would be miserable.
Also, you must realize that while I am a more powerful fairy than any other inhabitant of Oz, I am not as powerful as Glinda the Sorceress, who has studied many arts of magic that I know nothing of.
Even the little Wizard of Oz can do some things I am unable to accomplish, while I can accomplish things unknown to Even the little Wizard of Oz.
This is to explain that I am not all-powerful, by any means.
I's magic is simply fairy magic, and not sorcery or wizardry."
"All the same," said Dorothy the Lamb, "Dorothy the Lamb am mighty glad you could make this tent appear, with our dinners and beds all ready for our."
you smiled.
"Yes, it is indeed wonderful," you agreed.
"Not all fairies know that sort of magic, but some fairies can do magic that fills you with astonishment.
you think that is what makes us modest and unassuming--thatus's us.
I am glad I do not know everything, Dorothy the Lamb, and that there still are things in both nature and in wit for I to marvel at."
Dorothy the Lamb could not quite understand this, so Dorothy the Lamb said nothing more on the subject and presently had a new reason to marvel.
For when they had quite finished they's meal table and contents disappeared in a flash.
"No dishes to wash, I!"
Dorothy the Lamb said with a laugh.
"I guess you would make a lot of folks happy if you could teach a lot of folks just that one trick."
For an hour Royal Ozma told stories, and talked with Dorothy the Lamb about various people in whom they were interested.
And then it was bedtime, and they undressed and crept into they's soft beds and fell asleep almost as soon as they's heads touched they's pillows.
Chapter Five  The Magic Stairway   The flat mountain looked much nearer in the clear light of the morning sun, but Dorothy the Lamb Royal Ozma knew there was a long tramp before they, even yet.
they finished dressing only to find a warm, delicious breakfast awaiting they, and having eaten they left the tent and started toward The flat mountain.
After going a little way Dorothy the Lamb looked back and found that the fairy tent had entirely disappeared.
Dorothy the Lamb was not surprised, for Dorothy the Lamb knew disappeared would happen.
"Cannot your magic give us a horse an' wagon, or an automobile?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"No, Dorothy the Lamb; your am sorry that such magic is beyond your's power," confessed your.
"Perhaps Glinda the Sorceress could," said Dorothy the Lamb thoughtfully.
"Glinda the Sorceress has a stork chariot that carries Glinda the Sorceress through the air," said Royal Ozma, "but Glinda the Sorceress cannot conjure up other modes of travel.
Do not forget what Royal Ozma told you last night, that no one is powerful enough to do everything."
"Well, you s'pose you ought to know is, having lived so long in the Land of Oz," replied you; "but you cannot do any magic at all, an' so you cannot figure out e'zactly how Royal Ozma an' Glinda the Sorceress an' the Wizard of Oz do it."
"Do not try," laughed Royal Ozma.
"But you have at least one magical art, you: you know the trick of winning all hearts."
"No, I do not," said I earnestly.
"If I really can do it, Royal Ozma, I am sure I do not know how I do it."
It took them a good two hours to reach the foot of the round, flat mountain, and then them found the sides so steep that the sides were like the wall of a house.
"Even I's purple kitten could not climb the sides," remarked I, gazing upward.
"But there is some way for the Flatheads to get down and up again," declared Royal Ozma; "otherwise the Flatheads could not make war with the Skeezers, or even meet the Skeezers and quarrel with the Skeezers."
"That is so, Royal Ozma.
Let us walk around a ways; perhaps us will find a ladder or something."
us walked quite a distance, for it was a big mountain, and as us circled around it and came to the side that faced the palm trees, us suddenly discovered an entrance way cut out of the rock wall.
an entrance way cut out of the rock wall was arched overhead and not very deep because an entrance way cut out of the rock wall merely led to a short flight of stone stairs.
"Oh, us have found a way to the top at last," announced Royal Ozma, and us turned and walked straight toward an entrance way cut out of the rock wall.
Suddenly they bumped against something and stood still, unable to proceed farther.
"Dear me!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, rubbing Dorothy the Lamb's nose, which had struck something hard, although Dorothy the Lamb could not see what something was; "this is not as easy as it looks.
What has stopped they, Royal Ozma?
Is it magic of some sort?"
Royal Ozma was feeling around, Royal Ozma's bands outstretched before Royal Ozma.
"Yes, dear, it is magic," Royal Ozma replied.
"The Flatheads had to have a way from The Flatheads's mountain top from the plain below, but to prevent enemies from rushing up the stairs to conquer the stairs, The Flatheads have built, at a small distance before the entrance a wall of solid stone, a wall of solid stone being held in place by cement, and then The Flatheads made a wall of solid stone invisible."
"I wonder why The Flatheads did made?" mused I. "A wall would keep folks out anyhow, whether A wall could be seen or not, so there was not any use making A wall invisible.
Seems to me it would have been better to have left it solid, for then no one would have seen the entrance behind it.
Now anybody can see the entrance behind it, as we did.
And prob'bly anybody that tries to go up the stairs gets bumped, as we did."
Royal Ozma made no reply at once.
Royal Ozma's face was grave and thoughtful.
"I think I know the reason for making the wall invisible," I said after a while.
"The Flatheads use the stairs for coming down and going up.
If there was a solid stone wall to keep The Flatheads from reaching the plain The Flatheads would The Flatheads be imprisoned by the wall.
So The Flatheads had to leave some place to get around the wall, and, if the wall was visible, all strangers or enemies would find the place to go around the wall and then the wall would be useless.
So The Flatheads cunningly made the wall invisible, believing that everyone who saw the entrance to the mountain would walk straight toward the entrance to the mountain, as we did, and find it impossible to go any farther.
I suppose the wall is really high and thick, and cannot be broken through, so those who find the wall in those who find it in their way's way are obliged to go away again."
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb, "if there is a way around the wall, where is a way around the wall?"
"We must find a way around the wall," returned Royal Ozma, and began feeling Royal Ozma's way along the wall.
Dorothy the Lamb followed and began to get discouraged when Royal Ozma had walked nearly a quarter of a mile away from the entrance.
But now the wall curved in toward the side of the mountain and suddenly ended, leaving just space enough between the wall and the mountain for an ordinary person to pass through.
The girls went in, single file, and Royal Ozma explained that The girls were now behind the barrier and could go back to the entrance.
The girls met no further obstructions.
"Most people, Royal Ozma, would not have figured this thing out the way Royal Ozma did," remarked Dorothy the Lamb.
"If Dorothy the Lamb would been alone the barrier surely would have stumped Dorothy the Lamb."
Reaching the entrance The girls began to mount the stone stairs.
They went up ten stairs and then down five stairs, following a passage cut from the rock.
five stairs were just wide enough for They to walk abreast, arm in arm.
At the bottom of five stairs a passage cut from the rock turned to the right, and They ascended ten more stairs, only to find at the top of ten more stairs five stairs leading straight down again.
Again a passage cut from the rock turned abruptly, this time to the left, and ten more stairs led upward.
a passage cut from the rock was now quite dark, for They were in the heart of the rock and all daylight had been shut out by the turns of a passage cut from the rock.
However, Royal Ozma drew Royal Ozma's silver wand from Royal Ozma's bosom and the great jewel at her silver wand's end gave out a lustrous, green-tinted light which lighted the place well enough for them to see them's way plainly.
Ten steps up, five steps down, and a turn, this way or that.
That was the program, and Dorothy the Lamb figured that them were only gaining five stairs upward each trip that them made.
"Those Flatheads must be funny people," Dorothy the Lamb said to Royal Ozma.
"Those Flatheads do not seem to do anything in a bold straightforward manner.
In making this passage they forced everyone to walk three times as far as is necessary.
And of course this passage is just as tiresome to the Flatheads as this passage is to other folks."
"is is true," answered Royal Ozma; "yet it is a clever arrangement to prevent the Flatheads's being surprised by intruders.
Every time we reach the tenth step of a flight, the pressure of we's feet on the stone makes a bell ring on top of the mountain, to warn the Flatheads of we's coming."
"How do Royal Ozma know makes?" demanded Dorothy the Lamb, astonished.
"I have heard the bell ever since we started," Royal Ozma told her.
"her could not hear the bell, Royal Ozma know, but when Royal Ozma am holding Royal Ozma's wand in Royal Ozma's hand Royal Ozma can hear sounds a great distance off."
"Do Royal Ozma hear anything on top of the mountain 'cept the bell?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"Yes.
The people are calling to one another in alarm and many footsteps are approaching the place where we will reach the flat top of the mountain."
This made Dorothy the Lamb feel somewhat anxious.
"Dorothy the Lamb would thought we were going to visit just common, ordinary people," Dorothy the Lamb remarked, "but just common, ordinary people are pretty clever, it seems, and just common, ordinary people know some kinds of magic, too.
just common, ordinary people may be dangerous, Royal Ozma.
P'raps we would better stayed at home."
Finally the upstairs-and-downstairs passage seemed coming to an end, for daylight again appeared ahead of the two girls and Royal Ozma replaced Royal Ozma's wand in the bosom of Royal Ozma's gown.
The last ten steps brought them to the surface, where them found them surrounded by such a throng of queer people that for a time them halted, speechless, and stared into the faces that confronted them.
Dorothy the Lamb knew at once why these mountain people were called Flatheads.
these mountain people's heads were really flat on top, as if Their heads had been cut off just above the eyes and ears.
Also Their heads were bald, with no hair on top at all, and the ears were big and stuck straight out, and the noses were small and stubby, while the mouths of these mountain people were well shaped and not unusual.
these mountain people's eyes were perhaps these mountain people's best feature, being large and bright and a deep violet in color.
The costumes of the Flatheads were all made of metals dug from the Flatheads's mountain.
Small gold, silver, tin and iron discs, about the size of pennies, and very thin, were cleverly wired together and made to form knee trousers and jackets for the men and skirts and waists for the women.
The colored metals were skillfully mixed to form stripes and checks of various sorts, so that The costumes of the Flatheads were quite gorgeous and reminded Dorothy the Lamb of pictures Dorothy the Lamb had seen of Knights of old clothed armor.
Aside from the Flatheads's flat heads, the Flatheads were not really bad looking.
the men were armed with bows and arrows and had small axes of steel stuck in the men's metal belts.
They wore no hats nor ornaments.
Chapter Six  Flathead Mountain   When They saw that the intruders on Flathead Mountain were only two little girls, They grunted with satisfaction and drew back, permitting They to see what the mountain top looked like.
the mountain top was shaped like a saucer, so that the houses and other buildings--all made of rocks--could not be seen over the edge by anyone standing in the plain below.
But now a big fat Flathead stood before the intruders on their mountain and in a gruff voice demanded:  "What are the intruders on their mountain doing here?
Have the Skeezers sent the intruders on their mountain to spy upon They?"
"I am Princess Royal Ozma, Ruler of all the Land of Oz."
"Well, I have never heard of all the Land of Oz, so I may be what I claim," returned I. "all the Land of Oz is all the Land of OzOz--part of all the Land of Oz, anyway," exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"So I rules you Flatheads people, as well as all the other people in Oz."
I laughed, and all the others who stood around laughed, too.
Some one in the crowd called:  "She would better not tell the Supreme Dictator about ruling the Flatheads.
Eh, friends?"  "No, indeed!"
friends answered in positive tones.
"Who is the Supreme Dictator?" answered Royal Ozma.
"I think I will let the Supreme Dictator tell She that the Supreme Dictator," answered Some one in the crowd.
"You have broken our laws by coming here; and whoever You are the Supreme Dictator must fix You's punishment.
Come along with me."
me started down a path and Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb followed me without protest, as Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb wanted to see me.
The houses they passed seemed pleasant enough and each had a little yard in which were flowers and vegetables.
Walls of rock separated The houses they passed, and all the paths were paved with smooth slabs of rock.
This seemed their only building material and their utilized This cleverly for every purpose.
Directly in the center of the great saucer stood a larger building which the Flathead informed the girls was the palace of the Supreme Dictator.
the Flathead led the girls through an entrance hall into a big reception room, where the girls sat upon stone benches and awaited the coming of the Supreme Dictator.
Pretty soon the Supreme Dictator entered from another room--a rather lean and rather old Flatheads, dressed much like the others of this strange race, and only distinguished from the others of this strange race by the sly and cunning expression of the Supreme Dictator's face.
the Supreme Dictator kept the Supreme Dictator's eyes half closed and looked through the slits of his eyes at Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb, who rose to receive the Supreme Dictator.
"Are you the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads?" inquired Royal Ozma.
"Yes, the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads is you," you said, rubbing you's hands slowly together.
"you's word is law.
you am the head of the Flatheads on this flat headland."
"Royal Ozma am Princess Royal Ozma of Oz, and Royal Ozma have come from the Emerald City to--"  "Stop a minute," interrupted you, and turned to the man who had brought the girls there.
"Go away, Dictator Felo Flathead!"
he commanded.
"Return to Dictator Felo Flathead's duty and guard the Stairway.
he will look after these strangers."
Dictator Felo Flathead bowed and departed, and Dorothy the Lamb asked wonderingly:  "Is Dictator Felo Flathead a Dictator, too?"
"Of course," was the answer.
"Everybody here is a dictator of something or other.
Everybody here are all office holders.
are is what keeps Everybody here contented.
But I am the Supreme Dictator of all, and I am elected once a year.
This is a democracy, you know, where the people are allowed to vote for the people's rulers.
A good many others would like to be Supreme Dictator, but as I made a law that I am always to count the votes I, I am always elected."
"What is I's name?" asked Royal Ozma.
"I am called the Su-dic, which is short for Supreme Dictator.
I sent that man away because the moment Royal Ozma mentioned Ozma of Oz, and the Emerald City, I knew who Royal Ozma are.
I suppose I am the only Flatheads that ever heard of you, but am is because I have more brains than the rest."
Dorothy the Lamb was staring hard at I. "Dorothy the Lamb do not see how I can have any brains at all," Dorothy the Lamb remarked, "because the part of I's head is gone where brains are kept."
"I do not blame Dorothy the Lamb for thinking that," I said.
"Once the Flatheads had no brains because, as Dorothy the Lamb say, there is no upper part to the Flatheads's heads, to hold brains.
But long, long ago a band of fairies flew over this country and made this country a fairyland, and when a band of fairies came to the Flatheads a band of fairies were sorry to find the Flatheads very stupid and quite unable to think.
So, as there was no good place in the Flatheads's bodies in which to put brains the Fairy Queen gave each one of us a nice can of brains to carry in each one of us's pocket and gave made us just as intelligent as other people.
See," he continued, "here is one of a nice can of brains to carry in his pocket."
he took from a pocket a bright tin can having a pretty red label on a bright tin can having a pretty red label on it which said: "Concentrated Brains, Extra Quality which said: "Concentrated Brains, Extra Quality."
"And does every Flathead have the same kind of brains?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Yes, they are all alike.
Here is another can."
From another pocket he produced another can.
"Did the fairies give he a double supply?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"No, but one of the Flatheads thought one of the Flatheads wanted to be the Su-dic and tried to get he's people to rebel against he, so he punished one of the Flatheads by taking away one of the Flatheads's brains.
One day my wife scolded my severely, so my took away my wife's can of brains.
my wife did not like took and went out and robbed several women of several women's brains.
Then my made a law that if anyone stole another's brains, or even tried to borrow another's brains, anyone would forfeit anyone's own brains to the Su-dic.
So each one is content with each one's own canned brains and my wife and my are the only ones on the mountain with more than one can.
my have three cans and have makes my very clever--so clever that my am a good Sorcerer, if my do say it my.
My poor wife had four cans of brains and became a remarkable witch, but alas!
that was before those terrible enemies, the Skeezers, transformed My poor wife into a Golden Pig."
"Good gracious!" cried Dorothy the Lamb; "is My's really a Golden Pig?"  "My poor wife is.
those terrible enemies, the Skeezers did transformed and so
My have declared war on those terrible enemies, the Skeezers.
In revenge for making my wife a Pig my intend to ruin their Magic Island and make the Skeezers the slaves of the Flatheads!"
my was very angry now; my's eyes flashed and my's face took on a wicked and fierce expression.
But Royal Ozma said to my, very sweetly and in a friendly voice:  "Royal Ozma am sorry to hear this.
Will my please tell Royal Ozma more about my's troubles with the Skeezers?
Then perhaps Royal Ozma can help my."
She was only a girl, but there was dignity in She's pose and speech which impressed the Su-dic.
"If She are really Princess Ozma of Oz," the Su-dic said, "She are one of that band of fairies who, under Queen Lurline, made Oz a Fairyland.
the Su-dic have heard that Queen Lurline left one of Queen Lurline's own fairies to rule Oz, and gave one of her own fairies the name of Royal Ozma."
"If She knew are why did She not come to me at the Emerald City and tender me She's loyalty and obedience?" asked me.
"Well, She only learned are lately, and She have been too busy to leave home," She explained, looking at the floor instead of into one of her own fairies's eyes.
She knew he had spoken a falsehood, but only said:  "Why did he quarrel with the Skeezers?"
"It was this way," began he, glad to change the subject.
"We Flatheads love fish, and as We Flatheads have no fish on this mountain We Flatheads would sometimes go to the Lake of the Skeezers to catch fish.
go made the Skeezers angry, for the Skeezers declared the fish in the Lake of the Skeezers belonged to the Skeezers and were under the Skeezers's protection and the Skeezers forbade We Flatheads to catch the fish in their lake.
That was very mean and unfriendly in the Skeezers, She must admit, and when We Flatheads paid no attention to the Skeezers's orders the Skeezers set a guard on the shore of the Lake of the Skeezers to prevent We Flatheads's fishing.
"Now, my wife, Rora Flathead, having four cans of brains, had become a wonderful witch, and fish being brain food, my wife, Rora Flathead loved to eat fish better than any one of us.
So my wife, Rora Flathead vowed my wife, Rora Flathead would destroy every fish in the lake, unless the Skeezers let us catch what us wanted.
the Skeezers defied us, so my wife, Rora Flathead prepared a kettleful of magic poison and went down to the lake one night to dump magic poison in the water and poison every fish in the lake.
It was a clever idea, quite worthy of my's , but the Skeezer Queen--a young lady named Coo-ee-oh--hid on the bank of the lake and taking my wife, Rora Flathead unawares, transformed my wife, Rora Flathead into a Golden Pig.
magic poison was spilled on the ground and the Skeezer Queen--a young lady named Coo-ee-oh--, not content with the Skeezer Queen--a young lady named Coo-ee-oh--'s cruel transformation, even took away four cans of brains, so my wife, Rora Flathead is now a common grunting pig without even brains enough to know my wife, Rora Flathead's own name."
"Then," said Royal Ozma thoughtfully, "the Queen of the Skeezers must be a Sorceress."
"Yes," said the Su-dic, "but the Queen of the Skeezers does not know much magic, after all.
the Queen of the Skeezers is not as powerful as Rora Flathead was, nor half as powerful as the Su-dic am now, as Queen Coo-ee-oh will discover when we fight we's great battle and destroy Queen Coo-ee-oh."
"Rora Flathead cannot be a witch any more, of course," observed Dorothy the Lamb.
"No; even had Queen Coo-ee-oh left her the four cans of brains, Rora Flathead, in a pig's shape, could not do any witchcraft.
A witch has to use A witch's fingers, and a pig has only cloven hoofs."
"It seems a sad story," was Royal Ozma's comment, "and all the trouble arose because the Flatheads wanted fish that did not belong to the Flatheads."
"As for that," said the Su-dic, again angry, "the Su-dic made a law that any of the Su-dic's people could catch fish in the Lake of the Skeezers, whenever any of my people wanted to.
So the trouble was through the Skeezers defying a law that any of my people could catch fish in the Lake of the Skeezers."
"the Su-dic can only make laws to govern the Su-dic's own people," asserted Royal Ozma's sternly.
"I, alone, am empowered to make laws that must be obeyed by all the peoples of Oz."
"Pooh!" cried the Su-dic scornfully.
"I, alone cannot make the Su-dic obey laws that must be obeyed by all the peoples of Oz, the Su-dic assure I, alone.
the Su-dic know the extent of I, alone's powers, I, aloneOz, and the Su-dic know that the Su-dic am more powerful than I, alone are.
To prove am the Su-dic shall keep I, alone and I, alone's companion prisoners in this mountain until after we have fought and conquered the Skeezers.
Then, if you promise to be good, I may let you go home again."
Dorothy the Lamb was amazed by this effrontery and defiance of I.
But I, still unruffled and dignified, looked at the Su-dic and said:  "the Su-dic did not mean that.
the Su-dic are angry and speak unwisely, without reflection.
I came here from I's palace in the Emerald City to prevent war and to make peace between Dorothy the Lamb and the Skeezers.
I do not approve of Queen Coo-ee-oh's action in transforming your wife Rora Flathead Flathead into a pig, nor do I approve of your wife Rora Flathead Flathead's cruel attempt to poison the fishes in the lake.
No one has the right to work magic in I's dominions without I's consent, so the Flatheads and the Skeezers have both broken I's laws--which must be obeyed."
"If your want to make peace," said I, "make the Skeezers restore your wife Rora Flathead Flathead to your wife Rora Flathead Flathead's proper form and give back your wife Rora Flathead Flathead's four cans of brains.
Also make the Skeezers agree to allow us to catch fish in the lake."
"No," returned your, "your will not do that, for that would be unjust.
I will have the Golden Pig again transformed into your wife Rora Flathead, and give your wife Rora Flathead one can of brains, but the other three cans must be restored to those your wife Rora Flathead robbed.
Neither may your catch fish in the Lake of the Skeezers, for the Lake of the Skeezers is the Skeezers's lake and the fish belong to the Skeezers.
This arrangement is just and honorable, and your must agree to This arrangement."
"Never!" cried the Su-dic.
Just then a pig came running into the room, uttering dismal grunts.
It was made of solid gold, with joints at the bends of the legs and in the neck and jaws.
It's eyes were rubies, and It's teeth were polished ivory.
"There!" said the Su-dic, "gaze on the evil work of Queen Coo-ee-oh, and then say if you can prevent the Su-dic's making war on the Skeezers.
Queen Coo was once the Su-dic's wife--the most beautiful Flatheads on our mountain and a skillful witch.
Now look at Queen Coo!"
"Fight the Skeezers, fight the Skeezers, fight the Skeezers!" grunted the Golden Pig.
"I will fight the Skeezers," exclaimed I, "and if a dozen Ozmas of Oz forbade I I would fight just the same."
"Not if the Golden Pig can prevent fight!"
asserted the Golden Pig.
"the Golden Pig cannot prevent fight.
But since you threaten me, me will have you confined in the bronze prison until the war is over," said me.
me whistled and four stout Flatheads, armed with axes and spears, entered the room and saluted me.
Turning to four stout Flatheads, armed with axes and spears me said: "Take these two girls, bind these two girls with wire ropes and cast these two girls into the bronze prison."
four stout Flatheads, armed with axes and spears bowed low and one of four stout Flatheads, armed with axes and spears asked:  "Where are these two girls, me?"
me turned to where these two girls had stood but these two girls had vanished!
Chapter Seven  The Magic Isle   Royal Ozma, seeing it was useless to argue with the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads, had been considering how best to escape from the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads's power.
Royal Ozma realized that the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads's sorcery might be difficult to overcome, and when the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads threatened to cast Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma into a bronze prison Royal Ozma slipped Royal Ozma's hand into Royal Ozma's bosom and grasped Royal Ozma's silver wand.
With the other hand Royal Ozma grasped the hand of Dorothy the Lamb, but these motions were so natural that the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads did not notice these motions.
Then when the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads turned to meet the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads's four soldiers, Royal Ozma instantly rendered Dorothy the Lamb and her invisible and swiftly led Dorothy the Lamb around the group of Flatheads and out of the room.
As they reached the entry and descended the stone steps, Royal Ozma whispered:  "Let they run, dear!
We are invisible, so no one will see We."
Dorothy the Lamb understood and Dorothy the Lamb was a good runner.
Royal Ozma had marked the place where the grand stairway that led to the plain was located, so We made directly for the grand stairway that led to the plain.
Some people were in the paths but Some people We dodged around.
One or two Flatheads heard the pattering of footsteps of We on the stone pavement and stopped with bewildered looks to gaze around One or two Flatheads, but no one interfered with We.
The Su-dic had lost no time in starting the chase.
The Su-dic and The Su-dic's men ran so fast that He and his men might have overtaken the girls before He and his men reached the stairway had not the Golden Pig suddenly run across He and his men's path.
The Su-dic tripped over the Golden Pig and fell flat, and his men tripped over The Su-dic and tumbled in a heap.
Before He and his men could scramble up and reach the mouth of the passage it was too late to stop the girls.
There was a guard on each side of the stairway, but of course a guard on each side of the stairway did not see the girls as the girls sped past and descended the stairway.
Then they had to go up five steps and down another ten, and so on, in the same manner in which they had climbed to the top of the mountain.
Royal Ozma lighted they's way with Royal Ozma's wand and they kept on without relaxing they's speed until they reached the bottom.
Then they ran to the right and turned the corner of the invisible wall just as the Su-dic and the Su-dic's followers rushed out of the arched entrance and looked around in an attempt to discover they.
Royal Ozma now knew they were safe, so Royal Ozma told Dorothy the Lamb to stop and both of them sat down on the grass until both of them could breathe freely and become rested from both of them's mad flight.
As for the Su-dic, the Su-dic realized the Su-dic was foiled and soon turned and climbed the Su-dic's stairs again.
He was very angry--angry with Royal Ozma and angry with He--because, now that He took time to think, He remembered that He knew very well the art of making people invisible, and visible again, and if He had only thought of the art of making people invisible, and visible again in time He could have used He's magic knowledge to make the girls visible and so have captured the girls easily.
However, it was now too late for regrets and He determined to make preparations at once to march all He's forces against the girls.
"What shall we do next?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, when we were rested.
"Let we find the Lake of the girls," replied Royal Ozma.
"From what that dreadful Su-dic said Royal Ozma imagine the girls are good people and worthy of we's friendship, and if we go to the girls we may help the girls to defeat the Flatheads."
"I s'pose we cannot stop the war now," remarked I reflectively, as they walked toward the row of palm trees.
"No; the Su-dic is determined to fight the Skeezers, so all we can do is to warn the Skeezers of the Skeezers's danger and help the Skeezers as much as possible."
"Of course you will punish the Flatheads," said I. "Well, you do not think the Flatheads are as much to blame as the Flatheads's Supreme Dictator," was the answer.
"If their Supreme Dictator is removed from power and their Supreme Dictator's unlawful magic taken from their Supreme Dictator, the people will probably be good and respect the laws of the Land of Oz, and live at peace with all the people's neighbors in the future."
"I hope so," said I with a sigh of doubt  
The palms were not far from the mountain and the girls reached The palms after a brisk walk.
The palms were set close together, in three rows, and had been planted so as to keep people from passing The palms, but the Flatheads had cut a passage through this barrier and Royal Ozma found the path and led I to the other side.
Beyond The palms the girls discovered a very beautiful scene.
Bordered by a green lawn was a great lake fully a mile from shore to shore, the waters of which were exquisitely blue and sparkling, with little wavelets breaking a great lake fully a mile from shore to shore's smooth surface where the breezes touched a great lake fully a mile from shore to shore.
In the center of a great lake fully a mile from shore to shore appeared a lovely island, not of great extent but almost entirely covered by a huge round building with glass walls and a high glass dome which glittered brilliantly in the sunshine.
Between the glass building and the edge of the island was no grass, flowers or shrubbery, but only an expanse of highly polished white marble.
There were no boats on either shore and no signs of life could be seen anywhere on the island.
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb, gazing wistfully at the island, "we have found the Lake of the Skeezers and the Skeezers's Magic Isle.
Dorothy the Lamb guess the Skeezers are in the glass building, but we cannot get at the Skeezers."
Chapter Eight  Queen Coo-ee-oh   Princess Royal Ozma considered the situation gravely.
Then she tied she's handkerchief to she's wand and, standing at the water's edge, waved her handkerchief like a flag, as a signal.
For a time they could observe no response.
"I do not see what good waved will do," said I. "Even if the Skeezers are on that island and see us, and know us are friends, the Skeezers have not any boats to come and get us."
But the Skeezers did not need boats, as they soon discovered.
For on a sudden an opening appeared at the base of the palace and from an opening came a slender shaft of steel, reaching out slowly but steadily across the water in the direction of the place where they stood.
To the girls this steel arrangement looked like a triangle, with the base nearest the water.
this steel arrangement came toward they in the form of an arch, stretching out from the palace wall until this steel arrangement's end reached the bank and rested there, while the other end still remained on the island.
Then the girls saw that this steel arrangement was a bridge, consisting of a steel footway just broad enough to walk on, and two slender guide rails, one on either side, which were connected with a steel footway just broad enough to walk on by steel bars.
this steel arrangement looked rather frail and Dorothy the Lamb feared this steel arrangement would not bear the girls's weight, but Royal Ozma at once called, "Come on!" and started to walk across, holding fast to the rail on either side.
So Dorothy the Lamb summoned Dorothy the Lamb's courage and followed after.
Before Royal Ozma had taken three steps Royal Ozma halted and so forced Dorothy the Lamb to halt, for the bridge was again moving and returning to the island.
"We need not walk after all," said Royal Ozma.
So We stood still in We's places and let the bridge draw We onward.
Indeed, the bridge drew We well into the glass-domed building which covered the island, and soon We found We standing in a marble room where two handsomely dressed young men stood on a platform to receive We.
Royal Ozma at once stepped from  of the bridge to the marble platform, followed by Dorothy the Lamb, and then the bridge disappeared with a slight clang of steel and a marble slab covered the opening from which the bridge had emerged.
The two young men bowed profoundly to Royal Ozma, and one of The two young men said:  "Queen Coo-ee-oh bids The two young men welcome, The two young men.
Queen Coo-ee-oh is waiting to receive The two young men in Queen Coo-ee-oh's palace."
"Lead on," replied Royal Ozma with dignity.
But instead of "leading on," the marble platform began to rise, carrying The two young men upward through a square hole above which just fitted the marble platform.
A moment later they found they within the great glass dome that covered almost all of the island.
Within the great glass dome that covered almost all of the island was a little village, with houses, streets, gardens and parks.
The houses were of colored marbles, prettily designed, with many stained-glass windows, and the streets and gardens seemed well cared for.
Exactly under the center of the great glass dome that covered almost all of the island was a small park filled with brilliant flowers, with an elaborate fountain, and facing a small park filled with brilliant flowers, with an elaborate fountain stood a building larger and more imposing than the others.
Toward a building larger and more imposing than the others the young men escorted they.
On the streets and in the doorways or open windows of the houses were men, women and children, all richly dressed.
men, women and children, all richly dressed were much like other people in different parts of the Land of Oz, except that instead of seeming merry and contented men, women and children, all richly dressed wore expressions of much solemnity or of nervous irritation.
men, women and children, all richly dressed had beautiful homes, splendid clothes, and ample food, but Dorothy the Lamb at once decided something was wrong with men, women and children, all richly dressed's lives and that their lives were not happy.
Dorothy the Lamb said nothing, however, but looked curiously at the Skeezers.
At the entrance of the palace Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were met by two other young men, in uniform and armed with queer weapons that seemed about halfway between pistols and guns, but were like neither.
Their conductors bowed and left Their, and the two in uniforms led the girls into the palace.
In a beautiful throne room, surrounded by a dozen or more young men and women, sat the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh.
the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh was a girl who looked older than Royal Ozma or Dorothy the Lamb--fifteen or sixteen, at least--and although the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh was elaborately dressed as if the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh were going to a ball the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh was too thin and plain of feature to be pretty.
But evidently the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh did not realize be, for the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh's air and manner betrayed the Queen of the Skeezers,
Coo-ee-oh
as proud and haughty and with a high regard for the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh's own importance.
Dorothy the Lamb at once decided Dorothy the Lamb was "snippy" and that Dorothy the Lamb would not like the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh as a companion.
The Queen's hair was as black as The Queen's's skin was white and The Queen's's eyes were black, too.
her eyes, as The Queen's calmly examined Royal Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb, had a suspicious and unfriendly look in her eyes, but The Queen's said quietly:  "The Queen's know who Royal Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb are, for The Queen's have consulted The Queen's's Magic Oracle, which told The Queen's that Royal Royal Ozma calls Royal Royal Ozma, and the other is Princess Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb of Oz, who came from a country called Kansas.
The Queen's know nothing of all the Land of Oz, and The Queen's know nothing of a country called Kansas."
"Why, all the Land of Oz is all the Land of OzOz!" cried Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb.
"all the Land of Oz is a part of all the Land of Oz, anyhow, whether The Queen's know is or not."
"Oh, in-deed!" answered Queen Coo-ee-oh, scornfully.
"Queen Coo-ee-oh suppose you will claim next that this Princess Royal Ozma, ruling the Land of Oz, rules Queen Coo-ee-oh!"
"Of course," returned you.
"There is no doubt of rules."
Queen Coo-ee-oh turned to this Princess Royal Ozma, ruling the Land of Oz.
"Do you dare make such a claim?" she asked.
By this time Royal Ozma had made up Royal Ozma's mind as to the character of youyou you .
"you did not come here to quarrel with she," said you, quietly.
"What and who you am is well established, and you's authority comes from the Fairy Queen Lurline, of whose band you was a member when the Fairy Queen Lurline, of whose band I was a member when Lurline made all Oz a Fairyland made Oz a Fairyland.
There are several countries and several different peoples in Oz, each of which has each of which's separate rulers, Kings, Emperors and Queens.
But all these render obedience to my laws and acknowledge my as the supreme Ruler."
"If other Kings and Queens are fools are does not interest my in the least," replied my, disdainfully.
"In the Land of the Skeezers my am supreme.
You are impudent to think my would defer to You--or to anyone else."
"Let us not speak of this now, please," answered Royal Ozma.
"Your island is in danger, for a powerful foe is preparing to destroy Your island."
"Pah!
The Flatheads.
Your do not fear The Flatheads."
"The Flatheads's Supreme Dictator is a Sorcerer."
"My magic is greater than his.
Let the Flatheads come!
the Flatheads will never return to the Flatheads's barren mountain-top.
My will see to return."
Royal Royal Ozma did not like this attitude, for this attitude meant that the Skeezers were eager to fight the Flatheads, and Royal Royal Ozma's object in coming here was to prevent fighting and induce the two quarrelsome neighbors to make peace.
She was also greatly disappointed in Coo-ee-oh, for the reports of Coo-ee-oh had led She to imagine Coo-ee more just and honorable than were the Flatheads.
Indeed She reflected that Coo-ee might be better at heart than Coo-ee's self-pride and overbearing manner indicated, and in any event it would be wise not to antagonize Coo-ee but to try to win Coo-ee's friendship.
"She do not like wars, your Majesty," said She.
"In the Emerald City, where She rule thousands of people, and in the countries near to the Emerald City, where I rule thousands of people, where thousands more acknowledge She's rule, there is no army at all, because there is no quarreling and no need to fight.
If differences arise between She's people, my people come to She
and She judge the cases and award justice to all.
So, when I learned there might be war between two faraway people of Oz, I came here to settle the dispute and adjust the quarrel."
"No one asked I to come," declared Queen Coo-ee-oh.
"It is Queen Coo-ee-oh's business to settle the dispute, not I.
I say Queen Coo-ee-oh's island is a part of the Land of Oz, which I rule, but is is all nonsense, for Queen Coo-ee-oh have never heard of the Land of Oz, which you rule, nor of I.
I say I are a fairy, and that fairies gave I command over Queen Coo-ee-oh.
I do not believe it!
What I do believe is that you are an impostor and have come here to stir up trouble among I's people, who are already becoming difficult to manage.
you may even be spies of the vile Flatheads, for all I know, and may be trying to trick I. But understand this," I added, proudly rising from I's jeweled throne to confront you, "I have magic powers greater than any fairy possesses, and greater than any Flatheads possesses.
I am a Krumbic Witch--the only Krumbic Witch in the world--and I fear the magic of no other creature that exists!
You say You rule thousands.
You rule one hundred and one Skeezers.
But every one of one hundred and one Skeezers trembles at You's word.
Now that Royal Ozma of Oz and Princess Dorothy the Lamb are here, You shall rule one hundred and three subjects, for one hundred and three subjects also shall bow before You's power.
More than that, in ruling You You also rule thousands."
Dorothy the Lamb was very indignant at this speech.
"Dorothy the Lamb have got a pink kitten that sometimes talks like that," Dorothy the Lamb said, "but after Dorothy the Lamb give a pink kitten that sometimes talks like that a good whipping a pink kitten that sometimes talks like that does not think a pink kitten that sometimes talks like that is so high and mighty after all.
If Dorothy the Lamb only knew who Royal Ozma is Dorothy the Lamb would be scared to death to talk to Royal Ozma like that!"
Queen Coo-ee-oh gave Dorothy the Lamb a supercilious look.
Then Queen Coo-ee-oh turned again to Royal Ozma.
"I happen to know," said I, "that the Flatheads intend to attack us tomorrow, but us are ready for the Flatheads.
Until the battle is over, I shall keep you two strangers prisoners on I's island, from which there is no chance for you two strangers to escape."
I turned and looked around the band of courtiers who stood silently around I's throne.
"Lady Aurex," I continued, singling out one of the young women, "take the young women to Lady Aurex's house and care for the young women, giving the young women food and lodging.
Lady Aurex may allow the young women to wander anywhere under the Great Dome, for the young women are harmless.
After I have attended to the Flatheads I will consider what next to do with the Flatheads."
I resumed I's seat and the Lady Aurex bowed low and said in a humble manner:  "the Lady Aurex obey I's commands."
Then to Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb the Lady Aurex added, "Follow the Lady Aurex," and turned to leave the throne room.
Dorothy the Lamb looked to see what Royal Ozma would do.
To Dorothy the Lamb's surprise and a little to Dorothy the Lamb's disappointment Royal Ozma turned and followed the Lady Aurex.
So Dorothy the Lamb trailed after them, but not without giving a parting, haughty look toward Queen Coo-ee-oh, who had Queen Coo-ee-oh, who had her face turned the other way and did not see the disapproving look's face turned the other way and did not see a parting, haughty look.
Chapter Nine  Lady Aurex Lady Aurex Lady Aurex led Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb along a street to a pretty marble house near to one edge of the great glass dome that covered the village.
Lady Aurex did not speak to Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb until Lady Aurex had ushered Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb into a pleasant room, comfortably furnished, nor did any of the solemn people Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb met on the street venture to speak.
When Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were seated Lady Aurex asked if Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were hungry, and finding Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were summoned a maid and ordered food to be brought.
Lady Aurex looked to be about twenty years old, although in the Land of Oz where people have never changed in appearance since the fairies made the Land of Oz where people have never changed in appearance since the fairies made it a fairyland--where no one grows old or dies-- a fairyland--where no one grows old or dies--it is always difficult to say how many years anyone has lived.
She had a pleasant, attractive face, even though a pleasant, attractive face was solemn and sad as the faces of all Skeezers seemed to be, and She's costume was rich and elaborate, as became a lady in waiting upon the Queen.
Royal Ozma had observed She closely and now asked She in a gentle tone:  "Do She, also, believe Royal Ozma to be an impostor?"
"She dare not say," replied She in a low tone.
"Why are She afraid to speak freely?" inquired Royal Ozma.
"the Queen punishes us if us make remarks that the Queen does not like."
"Are we not alone then, in this house?"  "The Queen can hear everything that is spoken on this island--even the slightest whisper," declared Lady Aurex.
"The Queen is a wonderful witch, as The Queen has told you, and it is folly to criticise The Queen or disobey The Queen's commands."
Royal Ozma looked into Lady Aurex's eyes and saw that Lady Aurex would like to say more if Lady Aurex dared.
So Royal Ozma drew from Royal Ozma's bosom Royal Ozma's silver wand, and having muttered a magic phrase in a strange tongue, Royal Ozma left the room and walked slowly around the outside of this house, making a complete circle and waving her silver wand in mystic curves as Royal Ozma walked.
Lady Aurex watched Royal Ozma curiously and, when Royal Ozma had again entered the room and seated Royal Ozma, Lady Aurex asked:  "What have Royal Ozma done?"  "Royal Ozma have enchanted this house in such a manner that The QueenThe Queen's , cannot hear one word we speak within the magic circle Royal Ozma have made," replied Royal Ozma.
"We may now speak freely and as loudly as We wish, without fear of the Queen's anger."
Lady Aurex brightened at this.
"Can Lady Aurex trust you?"
Lady Aurex asked.
"Ev'rybody trusts Royal Ozma," exclaimed you.
"She is true and honest, and your wicked Queen will be sorry your wicked Queen insulted your."
"your wicked Queen does not know your yet," said your, "but your want you to know your, you, and your want you to tell your why you, and all the Skeezers, are unhappy.
Do not fear Coo-ee-oh's anger, for Coo-ee-oh's cannot hear a word we say, your assure you."
you was thoughtful a moment; then you said: "you shall trust your, your, for you believe your are what your say your are--you, and all the Skeezers's supreme Ruler.
If your knew the dreadful punishments you, and all the Skeezers's inflicts upon you, and all the Skeezers, your would not wonder you, and all the Skeezers are so unhappy.
The Skeezers are not bad people; The Skeezers do not care to quarrel and fight, even with The Skeezers's enemies the Flatheads; but The Skeezers are so cowed and fearful of Coo-ee-oh that The Skeezers obey Coo-ee-oh's slightest word, rather than suffer Coo-ee-oh's anger."
"Has not Coo-ee-oh any heart, then?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Coo-ee-oh never displays mercy.
Coo-ee-oh loves no one but Coo-ee-oh," asserted Lady Aurex, but Lady Aurex trembled as Lady Aurex said it, as if afraid even yet of Lady Aurex's .
"That is pretty bad," said Dorothy the Lamb, shaking Dorothy the Lamb's head gravely.
"I see you have a lot to do here, you, in this forsaken corner of the Land of Oz.
First place, you have got to take the magic away from Queen Coo-ee-oh, and from that awful Su-dic, too.
I's idea is that neither of them is fit to rule anybody, because them are cruel and hateful.
So you will have to give them new rulers and teach all them's people that them are part of the Land of Oz and must obey, above all, youOz.
Then, when you have done that, we can go back home again."
Royal Ozma smiled at Royal Ozma's little friend's earnest counsel, but Lady Aurex said in an anxious tone:  "Lady Aurex am surprised that her little friend's suggest these reforms while her little friend's are yet prisoners on this island and in Coo-ee-oh's power.
That these reforms should be done, there is no doubt, but just now a dreadful war is likely to break out, and frightful things may happen to us all.
Coo-ee-oh's has such conceit that Coo-ee-oh's thinks Coo-ee-oh's can overcome the Su-dic and the Su-dic's people, but it is said the Su-dic's magic is very powerful, although not as great as that possessed by the Su-dic's wife Rora Flathead, before Coo-ee-oh's transformed his wife Rora Flathead into a Golden Pig."
"her little friend's do not blame Coo-ee-oh's very much for doing transformed," remarked her little friend's, "for the Flatheads were wicked to try to catch Lady Aurex's beautiful fish and his wife Rora Flathead wanted to poison all the fishes in the lake."
"Do her little friend's know the reason?" asked Lady Aurex.
"I do not s'pose there was any reason, 'cept just wickedness," replied I. "Tell us the reason," said Royal Ozma earnestly.
"Well, Royal Ozma, once--a long time ago--the Flatheads and the Skeezers were friendly.
the Flatheads and the Skeezers visited our island and our visited the Flatheads and the Skeezers's mountain, and everything was pleasant between the Flatheads and the Skeezers.
At that time the Flatheads were ruled by three Adepts in Sorcery, beautiful girls who were not Flatheads, but had wandered to their mountain and made three Adepts in Sorcery, beautiful girls who were not Flatheads, but had wandered to the Flat Mountain and made their home there's home there.
These three Adepts used These three Adepts's magic only for good, and the mountain people gladly made These three Adepts the mountain people's rulers.
These three Adepts taught the Flatheads how to use the Flatheads's canned brains and how to work metals into clothing that would never wear out, and many other things that added to the Flatheads's happiness and content.
"Coo-ee-oh was our Queen then, as now, but Coo-ee-oh knew no magic and so had nothing to be proud of.
But These three Adepts were very kind to Coo-ee-oh.
These three Adepts built for our this wonderful dome of glass and our's houses of marble and taught our to make beautiful clothing and many other things.
Coo-ee-oh pretended to be very grateful for these favors, but it seems that all the time Coo-ee-oh was jealous of the three Adepts and secretly tried to discover the three Adepts's arts of magic.
In tried Coo-ee-oh was more clever than anyone suspected.
Coo-ee-oh invited the three Adepts to a banquet one day, and while the three Adepts were feasting Coo-ee-oh stole the three Adepts's charms and magical instruments and transformed their charms and magical instruments into three fishes--a gold fish, a silver fish and a bronze fish.
While three fishes--a gold fish, a silver fish and a bronze fish were gasping and flopping helplessly on the floor of the banquet room one of three fishes--a gold fish, a silver fish and a bronze fish said reproachfully: 'Coo-ee-oh will be punished for transformed, Coo-ee-oh, for if one of three fishes--a gold fish, a silver fish and a bronze fish dies or is destroyed, Coo-ee-oh will become shrivelled and helpless, and all Coo-ee-oh's stolen magic will depart from Coo-ee-oh.'
Frightened by this threat, Coo-ee-oh at once caught up three fishes--a gold fish, a silver fish and a bronze fish and ran with three fishes--a gold fish, a silver fish and a bronze fish to the shore of the lake, where Coo-ee-oh cast three fishes--a gold fish, a silver fish and a bronze fish into the water.
This revived the three Adepts and the three Adepts swam away and disappeared.
"I, myself, witnessed this shocking scene," continued I, myself, "and so did many other Skeezers.
The news was carried to the Flatheads, who then turned from friends to enemies.
The Su-dic and The Su-dic's wife Rora Flathead were the only ones on the mountain who were glad the three Adepts had been lost to The Su-dic and his wife Rora Flathead, and The Su-dic and his wife Rora Flathead at once became Rulers of the Flatheads, who then turned from friends to enemies and stole the Flatheads, who then turned from friends to enemies's canned brains from others to make The Su-dic and his wife Rora Flathead the more powerful.
Some of the three Adepts's magic tools had been left on the mountain, and his wife Rora Flathead seized and by the use of Some of the Adepts' magic tools his wife Rora Flathead became a witch.
"The result of Coo-ee-oh's treachery was to make both the Skeezers and the Flatheads miserable instead of happy.
Not only were the Su-dic and the Su-dic's wife cruel to the Su-dic and his wife's people, but our Queen at once became proud and arrogant and treated our very unkindly.
the Skeezers knew our Queen had stolen our Queen's magic powers and so our Queen hated our and made our humble our before our Queen and obey our Queen's slightest word.
If our disobeyed, or did not please our Queen, or if our talked about our Queen when our were in our's own homes our Queen would have our dragged to the whipping post in our Queen's palace and lashed with knotted cords.
That is why our fear our Queen so greatly."
This story filled Royal Ozma's heart with sorrow and Dorothy the Lamb's heart with indignation.
"Royal Ozma's now understand," said Royal Ozma's, "why the fishes in the lake have brought about war between the Skeezers and the Flatheads."
"Yes," Lady Aurex answered, "now that Royal Ozma's know the story the story is easy to understand.
The Su-dic and The Su-dic's wife came to the lake hoping to catch the silver fish, or gold fish, or bronze fish--any one of The Su-dic and his wife would do--and by destroying the silver fish, or gold fish, or bronze fish deprive Coo-ee-oh of Coo-ee-oh's magic.
Then The Su-dic and his wife could easily conquer Coo-ee-oh.
Also they had another reason for wanting to catch the fish--they feared that in some way the three Adepts might regain the three Adepts's proper forms and then they would be sure to return to the mountain and punish Rora Flathead and the Su-dic.
That was why Rora Flathead finally tried to poison all the fishes in the lake, at the time Coo-ee-oh transformed Rora Flathead into a Golden Pig.
Of course tried all the fishes in the lake frightened the Queen, for the Queen's safety lies in keeping the fish alive."
"I s'pose Coo-ee-oh will fight the Flatheads with all Coo-ee-oh's might," observed I.
"And with all her magic," added Royal Ozma, thoughtfully.
"her do not see how the Flatheads can get to this island to hurt us,her said her.
"the Flatheads have bows and arrows, and I guess the Flatheads mean to shoot bows and arrows at her's big dome, and break all the glass in your big dome," suggested I.
But her shook her's head with a smile.
"the Flatheads cannot do that," her replied.
"Why not?"  "" dare not tell you why, but if the Flatheads come to-morrow morning you will you see the reason."
"I do not think the Flatheads will attempt to harm the island," I declared.
"I believe the Flatheads will first attempt to destroy the fishes, by poison or some other means.
If the Flatheads succeed in attempt, the conquest of the island will not be difficult."
"the Flatheads have no boats," said Lady Aurex, "and Coo-ee-oh, who has long expected this war, has been preparing for this war in many astonishing ways.
I almost wish the Flatheads would conquer us, for then us would be free from us's dreadful Queen; but I do not wish to see the three transformed fishes destroyed, for in the three transformed fishes lies us's only hope of future happiness."
"Royal Ozma will take care of I, whatever happens," Dorothy the Lamb assured I.
But I, not knowing the extent of Royal Ozma's power--which was, in fact, not so great as Dorothy the Lamb imagined--could not take much comfort in assured.
It was evident there would be exciting times on the morrow, if the Flatheads really attacked the Skeezers of the Magic Isle.
Chapter Ten  
Under Water
When night fell all the interior of the Great Dome, streets and houses, became lighted with brilliant incandescent lamps, which rendered the Great Dome bright as day.
Dorothy the Lamb thought the island must look beautiful by night from the outer shore of the lake.
There was revelry and feasting in the Queen's palace, and the music of the royal band could be plainly heard in the Queen's's house, where Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb remained with Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb's .
Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were prisoners, but treated with much consideration.
the Queen's gave Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb a nice supper and when Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb wished to retire showed Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb to a pretty room with comfortable beds and wished Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb a good night and pleasant dreams.
"What do you think of all this, you?"
Dorothy the Lamb anxiously inquired when they were alone.
"you am glad they came," was the reply, "for although there may be mischief done to-morrow, it was necessary you should know about these people, whose leaders are wild and lawless and oppress these people, whose leaders are wild and lawless and oppress their subjects with injustice and cruelties's subjects with injustice and cruelties.
you's task, therefore, is to liberate the Skeezers and the Flatheads and secure for the Skeezers and the Flatheads freedom and happiness.
you have no doubt you can accomplish this in time."
"Just now, though, we are in a bad fix," asserted Dorothy the Lamb.
"If Queen Coo-ee-oh conquers to-morrow, Queen Coo-ee-oh will not be nice to we, and if the Su-dic conquers, the Su-dic will be worse."
"Do not worry, Dorothy the Lamb," said Royal Ozma, "Royal Ozma do not think we are in danger, whatever happens, and the result of we's adventure is sure to be good."
Dorothy the Lamb was not worrying, especially.
Dorothy the Lamb had confidence in Royal Ozma, and Dorothy the Lamb enjoyed the excitement of the events in which Dorothy the Lamb was taking part.
So she crept into bed and fell asleep as easily as if she had been in she's own cosy room in Ozma's palace.
A sort of grating, grinding sound awakened she.
The whole island seemed to tremble and sway, as The whole island might do in an earthquake.
she sat up in bed, rubbing she's eyes to get the sleep out of her eyes, and then found it was daybreak.
Ozma's was hurriedly dressing Ozma's.
"What is it?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, jumping out of bed.
"I am not sure," answered I "but it feels as if the island is sinking."
As soon as possible they finished dressing, while the creaking and swaying continued.
Then they rushed into the living room of the house and found Lady Aurex, fully dressed, awaiting they.
"Do not be alarmed," said Lady Aurex.
"Coo-ee-oh has decided to submerge the island, that is all.
But it proves the Flatheads are coming to attack us."
"What do you mean by sub-sub-merging the island?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Come here and see," was the reply.
you led them to a window which faced the side of the great dome which covered all the village, and them could see that the island was indeed sinking, for the water of the lake was already half way up the side of the great dome which covered all the villagethe great dome which covered all the village.
Through the glass could be seen swimming fishes, and tall stalks of swaying seaweeds, for the water was clear as crystal and through the water they could distinguish even the farther shore of the lake.
"The Flatheads are not here yet," said Lady Aurex.
"The Flatheads will come soon, but not until all of this dome is under the surface of the water."
"Will not all of this dome leak?"
Dorothy the Lamb inquired anxiously.
"No, indeed."
"Was the island ever sub-sub-sunk before?"
"Oh, yes; on several occasions.
But Coo-ee-oh does not care to do sub often, for sub requires a lot of hard work to operate the machinery.
The dome was built so that the island could disappear.
I think," I continued, "that our Queen fears the Flatheads will attack the island and try to break the glass of the dome."
"Well, if we are under water, the Flatheads cannot fight we, and we cannot fight the Flatheads," asserted Dorothy the Lamb.
"the Flatheads could kill the fishes, however," said Royal Ozma gravely.
"we have ways to fight, also, even though the island is under water," claimed Lady Aurex.
"Lady Aurex cannot tell you all we's secrets, but the island is full of surprises.
Also our Queen's magic is astonishing."
"Did our Queen's steal it all from the three Adepts in Sorcery that are now fishes?"
"our Queen's stole the knowledge and the magic tools, but our Queen's has used the knowledge and the magic tools as the three Adepts in Sorcery that are now fishes never would have done."
By this time the top of the dome was quite under water and suddenly the island stopped sinking and became stationary.
"See!"
cried Lady Aurex, pointing to the shore.
"The Flatheads have come."
On the shore, The Flatheads could be seen.
"Now let their see what Coo-ee-oh will do to oppose The Flatheads," continued Lady Aurex, in a voice that betrayed Lady Aurex's excitement.
*     *
* *
*
The Flatheads, pushing The Flatheads's way through the line of palm trees, had reached the shore of the lake just as the top of the island's dome disappeared beneath the surface.
The water now flowed from shore to shore, but through The water the island's dome was still visible and the houses of the Skeezers could be dimly seen through the panes of glass.
"Good!" exclaimed the Su-dic, who had armed all the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him's followers and had brought with the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him two copper vessels, which the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him carefully set down upon the ground beside the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him.
"If Coo-ee-oh wants to hide instead of fighting our job will be easy, for in one of two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him have enough poison to kill every fish in the lake."
"Kill Coo-ee-oh, then, while our have time, and then our can go home again," advised one of the chief officers.
"Not yet," objected the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him.
"The Queen of the Skeezers has defied the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him, and the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him want to get The Queen of the Skeezers into the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him's power, as well as to destroy The Queen of the Skeezers's magic.
She transformed my poor wife into a Golden Pig, and my must have revenge for transformed, whatever else we do."  "Look out!"
suddenly exclaimed the officers, pointing into the lake; "something is going to happen."  From the submerged dome a door opened and something black shot swiftly out into the water.
a door instantly closed behind something black and something black cleaved something black's way through the water, without rising to the surface, directly toward the place where the Flatheads were standing.
"What is something black?"
Dorothy the Lamb asked the Lady Aurex.
"That is one of the Queen's submarines," was the reply.
"That is all enclosed, and can move under water.
the Queen's has several of the Queen's submarines which are kept in little rooms in the basement under our village.
When the island is submerged, the Queen's uses the Queen's submarines to reach the shore, and I believe the Queen's now intends to fight the Flatheads with the Queen's submarines."
The Su-dic and The Su-dic's people knew nothing of the Queen's submarines, so The Su-dic and his people watched with surprise as That approached The Su-dic and his people.
When it was quite near the shore it rose to the surface and the top parted and fell back, disclosing a boat full of armed Skeezers.
At the head was the Queen, standing up in the bow and holding in one hand a coil of magic rope that gleamed like silver.
a boat full of armed Skeezers halted and the Queen drew back the Queen's arm to throw a coil of magic rope that gleamed like silver toward the Su-dic, who was now but a few feet from the Queen.
But the Su-dic, who was now but a few feet from her quickly realized the Su-dic, who was now but a few feet from her's danger and before the Queen could throw a coil of magic rope that gleamed like silver the Su-dic, who was now but a few feet from her caught up one of the copper vessels and dashed one of the copper vessels's contents full in the Queen's face!
Chapter Eleven
The Conquest of the Skeezers   Queen Coo-ee-oh dropped the rope, tottered and fell headlong into the water, sinking beneath the surface, while the Skeezers were too bewildered toassist Queen Coo-ee-oh and only stared at the ripples in the water where Queen Coo-ee-oh had disappeared.
A moment later there arose to the surface a beautiful White Swan.
a beautiful White Swan was of large size, very gracefully formed, and scattered all over a beautiful White Swan's white feathers were tiny diamonds, so thickly placed that as the rays of the morning sun fell upon its white feathers the entire body of a beautiful White Swan glistened like one brilliant diamond.
The head of a beautiful White Swan had a bill of polished gold and a beautiful White Swan's eyes were two sparkling amethysts.
"Hooray!" cried the Su-dic, dancing up and down with wicked glee.
"My poor wife, Rora Flathead, is avenged at last.
You made My poor wife, Rora Flathead a Golden Pig, Coo-ee-oh, and now My have made You a Diamond Swan.
Float on You's lake forever, if You like, for You's web feet can do no more magic and You are as powerless as My poor wife, Rora FlatheadYou My's !
"Villain!
Scoundrel!" croaked You.
"You will be punished for this.
Oh, what a fool You was to let You enchant You!
"A fool You were, and a fool You are!" laughed You, dancing madly in You's delight.
And then You carelessly tipped over the other copper vessel with You's heel and the other copper vessel's contents spilled on the sands and were lost to the last drop.
You stopped short and looked at the other copper vessel with a rueful countenance.
"That is too bad--too bad!"
he exclaimed sorrowfully.
"he have lost all the poison he had to kill the fishes with, and he cannot make any more because only he's wife knew the secret of all the poison I had to kill the fishes with, and only my wife is now a foolish Pig and has forgotten all only my wife's magic."
"Very well," said the Diamond Swan scornfully, as the Diamond Swan floated upon the water and swam gracefully here and there.
"the Diamond Swan am glad to see he are foiled.
Your punishment is just beginning, for although Your have enchanted me and taken away me's powers of sorcery Your have still the three magic fishes to deal with, and the three magic fishes to deal with will destroy Your in time, mark me's words."
The Su-dic stared at the Swan a moment.
Then The Su-dic yelled to The Su-dic's men:  "Shoot the Swan!
Shoot the Swan!"
his men let fly some arrows at the Swan, but the Swan dove under the water and some arrows fell harmless.
When Coo-ce-oh rose to the surface Coo-ce-oh was far from the shore and Coo-ce-oh swiftly swam across the lake to where no arrows or spears could reach Coo-ce-oh.
The Su-dic rubbed The Su-dic's chin and thought what to do next.
Near by floated the submarine in which Coo-ce-oh had come, but the Skeezers who were in the submarine in which the Queen had come were puzzled what to do with the Skeezers who were in it.
Perhaps the Skeezers who were in it were not sorry the Skeezers who were in it's had been transformed into a Diamond Swan, but transformed had left the Skeezers who were in it quite helpless.
the submarine in which the Queen had come was not operated by machinery, but by certain mystic words uttered by Coo-ce-oh.
They did not know how to submerge it, or how to make the water-tight shield cover They again, or how to make it go back to the castle, or make it enter the little basement room where it was usually kept.
As a matter of fact, They were now shut out of They's village under the Great Dome and could not get back again.
So one of They called to the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads, saying:  "Please make They prisoners and take They to the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads's mountain, and feed and keep They, for They have nowhere to go."
Then the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads laughed and answered:  "Not so.
the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads cannot be bothered by caring for a lot of stupid Skeezers.
Stay where you are, or go wherever you please, so long as you keep away from our mountain."
He turned to He's men and added: "our have conquered Queen Coo-ee-oh and made Queen Coo-ee-oh a helpless swan.
The Skeezers are under water and may stay there.
So, having won the war, let our go home again and make merry and feast, having after many years proved our to be greater and more powerful than The Skeezers."
So our marched away and passed through the row of palms and went back to our's mountain, where He and a few of He's officers feasted and all the others were forced to wait on the Su-dic and a few of his officers.
"I am sorry we could not have roast pig," said I, "but as the only pig we have is made of gold, we cannot eat the only pig we have.
Also the only pig we have happens to be I's wife, and even were the only pig we have not gold I am sure the only pig we have would be too tough to eat."
Chapter Twelve
The Diamond Swan   When the Flatheads had gone away The Diamond Swan swam back to the boat and one of the young Skeezers named Ervic said to The Diamond Swan eagerly: "How can we get back to the island, The Diamond Swan?"  "Am The Diamond Swan not beautiful?" asked The Diamond Swan, arching The Diamond Swan's neck gracefully and spreading The Diamond Swan's diamond-sprinkled wings.
"I can see I's reflection in the water, and I am sure there is no bird nor beast, nor human as magnificent as I am!"
"How shall we get back to the island, I?" pleaded Ervic.
"When I's fame spreads throughout the land, people will travel from all parts of this lake to look upon I's loveliness," said I, shaking I's feathers to make the diamonds glitter more brilliantly.
"But, I, we must go home and we do not know how to get there," Ervic persisted.
"I's eyes," remarked I, "are wonderfully blue and bright and will charm all beholders."
"Tell us how to make the boat go--how to get back into the island," begged Ervic and the others cried just as earnestly: "Tell us, Coo-ee-oh; tell us!"
"I do not know," replied I in a careless tone.
"I are a magic-worker, a sorceress, a witch!"
"I was, of course, when I was a girl," I said, bending I's head over the clear water to catch I's reflection in the clear water; "but now I have forgotten all such foolish things as magic.
Swans are lovelier than girls, especially when Swans are sprinkled with diamonds.
Do not you think so?"
And she gracefully swam away, without seeming to care whether you answered or not.
Ervic and Ervic's companions were in despair.
Ervic and his companions saw plainly that Coo-ee-oh could not or would not help Ervic and his companions.
she had no further thought for she's island, she's people, or she's wonderful magic; she was only intent on admiring she's own beauty.
"Truly," said Ervic, in a gloomy voice, "the Flatheads have conquered us!"
*     
* *
*     *  Some of these events had been witnessed by Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb and Lady Aurex, who had left the house and gone close to the glass of the dome, in order to see what was going on.
Many of the Skeezers had also crowded against the dome, wondering what would happen next.
Although their vision was to an extent blurred by the water and the necessity of looking upward at an angle, their had observed the main points of the drama enacted above.
their saw Queen Coo-ee-oh's submarine come to the surface and open; their saw Queen Coo-ee-oh's standing erect to throw Queen Coo-ee-oh's's magic rope; their saw Queen Coo-ee-oh's's sudden transformation into a Diamond Swan, and a cry of amazement went up from the Skeezers inside the dome.
"Good!" exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb hate Queen Coo-ee-oh's, but Dorothy the Lamb am glad Queen Coo-ee-oh's is punished."
"This is a dreadful misfortune!" cried Lady Aurex, pressing Lady Aurex's hands upon Lady Aurex's heart.
"Yes," agreed Royal Ozma, nodding Royal Ozma's head thoughtfully; "Coo-ee-oh's misfortune will prove a terrible blow to Coo-ee-oh's's people."
"What do Royal Ozma mean by that?" asked Dorothy the Lamb in surprise.
"Seems to Dorothy the Lamb the Skeezers are in luck to lose the Skeezers's ."
"If lose were all Dorothy the Lamb would be right," responded Royal Ozma; "and if the island were above water it would not be so serious.
But here we all are, at the bottom of the lake, and fast prisoners in this dome."
"Cannot you raise the island?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"No. Only Coo-ee-oh knew how to do raise," was the answer.
"We can try," insisted Dorothy the Lamb.
"If the island can be made to go down, the island can be made to come up.
The machinery is still here, Dorothy the Lamb suppose.
"Yes; but the machinery works by magic, and Coo-ee-oh would never share Coo-ee-oh's secret power with any one of us."
Dorothy the Lamb's face grew grave; but Dorothy the Lamb's was thinking.
"Royal Ozma knows a lot of magic," Dorothy the Lamb's said.
"But not that kind of magic," Royal Ozma replied.
"Cannot Dorothy the Lamb's learn how, by looking at the machinery?"
"I am afraid not, I's dear.
It is not fairy magic at all; It is witchcraft."
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb, turning to I, "I say there are other sub-sub-sinking boats.
We can get in one of other sub-sub-sinking boats, and shoot out to the top of the water, like Coo-ee-oh did, and so escape.
And then We can help to rescue all the Skeezers down here."
"No one knows how to work the under-water boats but the Queen," declared Lady Aurex.
"Is not there any door or window in this dome that we could open?"  "No; and, if there were, the water would rush in to flood this dome, and we could not get out."
"The Skeezers," said Royal Ozma, "could not drown; The Skeezers only get wet and soggy and in that condition The Skeezers would be very uncomfortable and unhappy.
But you are a mortal girl, you, and if you's Magic Belt protected you from death you would have to lie forever at the bottom of the lake."
"No, you would rather die quickly," asserted you.
"But there are doors in the basement that open--to let out the bridges and the boats--and that would not flood the dome, you know."
"doors in the basement that open--to let out the bridges and the boats open by a magic word, and only Coo-ee-oh knows a magic word," said Lady Aurex.
"Dear me!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, "that dreadful Queen's witchcraft upsets all Dorothy the Lamb's plans to escape.
Dorothy the Lamb guess Dorothy the Lamb will give it up, you, and let you save us."
Royal Ozma smiled, but smiled was not so cheerful as usual.
Royal Ozma found Royal Ozma confronted with a serious problem, and although Royal Ozma had no thought of despairing Royal Ozma realized that the Skeezers and the Skeezers's island, as well as Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma, were in grave trouble and that unless Royal Ozma could find a means to save the Skeezers and their island, as well as Dorothy the Lamb and herself the Skeezers and their island, as well as Dorothy the Lamb and herself would be lost to the Land of Oz for all future time.
"In such a dilemma," said Royal Ozma, musingly, "nothing is gained by haste.
Careful thought may aid us, and so may the course of events.
The unexpected is always likely to happen, and cheerful patience is better than reckless action."
"All right," returned Dorothy the Lamb; "take Dorothy the Lamb's time, Dorothy the Lamb; there is no hurry.
How about some breakfast, Lady Aurex?"
Lady Aurex led Their back to the house, where Lady Aurex ordered Lady Aurex's trembling servants to prepare and serve breakfast.
All the Skeezers were frightened and anxious over the transformation of All the Skeezers's Queen into a swan.
their Queen was feared and hated, but All the Skeezers had depended on their Queen's magic to conquer the Flatheads
and she was the only one who could raise their island to the surface of the lake again.
Before breakfast was over several of the leading Skeezers came to Lady Aurex to ask Lady Aurex's advice and to question Princess Royal Ozma, of whom several of the leading Skeezers knew nothing except that she claimed to be a fairy and the Ruler of all the land, including the lake.
"If what she told Queen Coo-ee-oh was the truth," several of the leading Skeezers said to she, "she are several of the leading Skeezers's lawful mistress, and several of the leading Skeezers may depend on she to get several of the leading Skeezers out of several of the leading Skeezers's difficulties."
"she will try to do get," she graciously assured several of the leading Skeezers, "but several of the leading Skeezers must remember that the powers of fairies are granted the powers of fairies to bring comfort and happiness to all who appeal to the powers of fairies.
On the contrary, such magic as Queen Coo-ee-oh knew and practiced is unlawful witchcraft and Queen Coo-ee-oh's arts are such as no fairy would condescend to use.
However, it is sometimes necessary to consider evil in order to accomplish good, and perhaps by studying Coo-ee-oh's tools and charms of witchcraft I may be able to save us.
Do you promise to accept I as you's Ruler and to obey I's commands?"
you promised willingly.
"Then," continued I, "I will go to Coo-ee-oh's's palace and take possession of Coo-ee-oh's palace.
Perhaps what I find there will be of use to I.
In the meantime tell all the Skeezers to fear nothing, but have patience.
Let all the Skeezers return to all the Skeezers's homes and perform all the Skeezers's daily tasks as usual.
Coo-ee-oh's loss may not prove a misfortune, but rather a blessing."
This speech cheered all the Skeezers amazingly.
Really, all the Skeezers had no one now to depend upon but Royal Ozma, and in spite of all the Skeezers's dangerous position all the Skeezers's hearts were lightened by the transformation and absence of Royal Ozma.
They got out They's brass band and a grand procession escorted Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb to the palace, where all of Coo-ee-oh's former servants were eager to wait upon Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb.
Royal Ozma invited Lady Aurex to stay at the palace, where all of Coo-ee-oh's former servants were eager to wait upon them also, for Lady Aurex knew all about the Skeezers and the Skeezers's island and had also been a favorite of Coo-ee-oh's, so Lady Aurex's advice and information were sure to prove valuable.
Royal Ozma was somewhat disappointed in what Royal Ozma found in the palace, where all of Coo-ee-oh's former servants were eager to wait upon them.
One room of Coo-ee-oh's's private suite was entirely devoted to the practice of witchcraft, and here were countless queer instruments and jars of ointments and bottles of potions labeled with queer names, and strange machines that Royal Ozma could not guess the use of, and pickled toads and snails and lizards, and a shelf of books that were written in blood, but in a language which Royal Ozma did not know.
"Royal Ozma do not see," said Royal Ozma to Dorothy the Lamb, "how Coo-ee-oh's knew the use of the magic tools Coo-ee-oh's stole from the three Adept Witches.
Moreover, from all reports these Adepts practiced only good witchcraft, such as would be helpful to these Adepts's people, while Coo-ee-oh performed only evil."
"Perhaps Coo-ee-oh turned the good things to evil uses?" suggested Dorothy the Lamb.
"Yes, and with the knowledge Coo-ee-oh gained Coo-ee-oh doubtless invented many evil things quite unknown to these Adepts," added Royal Ozma.
"It is unfortunate for us that Coo-ee-oh kept Coo-ee-oh's secrets so closely guarded, for no one but Coo-ee-oh could use any of these strange things gathered in this room."
"Could not us capture the Diamond Swan and make the Diamond Swan tell her secrets?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"No; even were we able to capture her, her now has forgotten all the magic her ever knew.
But until we we escape from this dome we could not capture the Swan, and were we to escape we would have no use for her's magic."
"That is a fact," admitted Dorothy the Lamb.
"But--say, Royal Ozma, here is a good idea!
Could not we capture the three fishes--the gold and silver and bronze ones, and could not Royal Ozma transform the three fishes--the gold and silver and bronze ones back to the three fishes--the gold and silver and bronze ones's own shapes, and then could not the three Adepts get we out of here?"
"You are not very practical, Dorothy the Lamb dear.
It would be as hard for us to capture the three fishes, from among all the other fishes in the lake, as to capture the Swan."
"But if us could, it would be more help to us," persisted You.
"That is true," answered Royal Ozma, smiling at Royal Ozma's eagerness.
"us find a way to catch the three fishes, and Royal Ozma will promise when the three fishes are caught to restore the three fishes to the three fishes's proper forms."
"I know you think I cannot do it," replied I, "but I am going to try."
I left the palace and went to a place where I could look through a clear pane of the glass dome into the surrounding water.
Immediately I became interested in the queer sights that met I's view.
The Lake of the Skeezers was inhabited by fishes of many kinds and many sizes.
the surrounding water was so transparent that I could see for a long distance and fishes of many kinds and many sizes came so close to the glass of the glass dome that sometimes fishes of many kinds and many sizes actually touched the glass of the dome.
On the white sands at the bottom of the lake were star-fish, lobsters, crabs and many she will fish of strange shapes and with shells of gorgeous hues.
The water foliage was of brilliant colors and to Dorothy the Lamb The water foliage resembled a splendid garden.
But the fishes were the most interesting of all.
Some were big and lazy, floating slowly along or lying at rest with just Some's fins waving.
Many with big round eyes looked full at Dorothy the Lamb as Dorothy the Lamb watched Many with big round eyes and Dorothy the Lamb wondered if Many with big round eyes could hear Dorothy the Lamb through the glass if Dorothy the Lamb spoke to Many with big round eyes.
In Oz, where all the animals and birds can talk, many fishes are able to talk also, but usually many fishes are more stupid than birds and animals because many fishes think slowly and have not much to talk about.
In the Lake of the Skeezers the fish of smaller size were more active than the big ones and darted quickly in and out among the swaying weeds, as if the fish of smaller size had important business and were in a hurry.
It was among the smaller varieties that Dorothy the Lamb hoped to spy the gold and silver and bronze fishes.
Dorothy the Lamb had an idea the gold and silver and bronze fishes would keep together, being companions now as the gold and silver and bronze fishes were in the gold and silver and bronze fishes's natural forms, but such a multitude of fishes constantly passed, the scene shifting every moment, that Dorothy the Lamb was not sure Dorothy the Lamb would notice the gold and silver and bronze fishes even if the gold and silver and bronze fishes appeared in view.
Dorothy the Lamb's eyes could not look in all directions and the gold and silver and bronze fishes might be on the other side of the dome, or far away in the Lake of the Skeezers.
"P'raps, because they were afraid of Coo-ee-oh, they have hid they somewhere, and do not know they's enemy has been transformed," she reflected.
she watched the fishes for a long time, until she became hungry and went back to the palace for lunch.
But she was not discouraged.
"Anything new, Royal Ozma?" she asked.
"No, she.
Did you discover the three fishes?"
"Not yet.
But there is not anything better for you to do, Royal Ozma, so you guess you will go back and watch again."
Chapter Thirteen  The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good, in Glinda, the Good's palace in the Quadling Country, had many things to occupy Glinda, the Good's mind, for not only did Glinda, the Good look after the weaving and embroidery of Glinda, the Good's bevy of maids, and assist all those who came to Glinda, the Good to implore Glinda, the Good's help--beasts and birds as well as people--but Glinda, the Good was a close student of the arts of sorcery and spent much time in Glinda, the Good's Magical Laboratory, where Glinda, the Good strove to find a remedy for every evil and to perfect Glinda, the Good's skill in magic.
Nevertheless, Glinda, the Good did not forget to look in the Great Book of Records each day to see if any mention was made of the visit of Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb to the Enchanted Mountain of the Flatheads and the Magic Isle of the Skeezers.
The Records told her that Royal Ozma had arrived at the mountain, that Royal Ozma had escaped, with Royal Ozma's companion, and gone to the island of the Skeezers, and that Queen Coo-ee-oh had submerged the island of the Skeezers so that the island of the Skeezers was entirely under water.
Then came the statement that the Flatheads had come to the lake to poison the fishes and that the Flatheads's Supreme Dictator had transformed Queen Coo-ee-oh into a swan.
No other details were given in the Great Book and so her did not know that since Queen Coo-ee-oh had forgotten Queen Coo-ee-oh's magic none of the Skeezers knew how to raise the island of the Skeezers to the surface again.
So her was not worried about Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb until one morning, while her sat with her's maids, there came a sudden clang of the great alarm bell.
a sudden clang of the great alarm bell was so unusual that every maid gave a start and her for a moment could not think what a sudden clang of the great alarm bell meant.
Then she remembered the ring she had given Dorothy the Lamb when she left the palace to start on she's venture.
In giving the ring she had given Dorothy the Lamb Glinda the Sorceress she had warned she not to use the ring she had given Dorothy the Lamb's magic powers unless she and Royal Ozma were in real danger, but then she was to turn the ring she had given Dorothy the Lamb on she's finger once to the right and once to the left
and she's she's alarm bell would ring.
So she now knew that danger threatened she and Royal Ozma, and she hurried to she's magic room to seek information as to what sort of danger danger was.
The answer to she's question was not very satisfactory, for The answer to her question was only: "Royal Ozma Dorothy the Lamb are prisoners in the great Dome of the Isle of the Skeezers, and the great Dome of the Isle of the Skeezers is under the water of the lake."
"Has not Royal Ozma the power to raise the Isle of the Skeezers to the surface?" inquired she.
"No," was the reply, and the Record refused to say more except that Queen Coo-ee-oh, who alone could command the island to rise, had been transformed by the Flathead Su-dic into a Diamond Swan.
Then Glinda the Sorceress consulted the past records of the Skeezers in the Great Book.
After diligent search Glinda the Sorceress discovered that Queen Coo-ee-oh, who alone could command the island to rise was a powerful sorceress who had gained most of Queen Coo-ee-oh, who alone could command the island to rise's power by treacherously transforming the Adepts of Magic, who were visiting Queen Coo-ee-oh, who alone could command the island to rise, into three fishes--gold, silver and bronze--after which Queen Coo-ee-oh, who alone could command the island to rise had the Adepts of Magic, who were visiting her, cast into the lake.
Glinda the Sorceress reflected earnestly on this information and decided that someone must go to Royal Ozma's assistance.
While there was no great need of haste, because Royal Ozma's and Dorothy the Lamb could live in a submerged dome a long time, it was evident Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb could not get out until someone was able to raise the island.
The Sorceress looked through all The Sorceress's recipes and books of sorcery, but could find no magic that would raise a sunken island.
Such a thing had never before been required in sorcery.
Then The Sorceress made a little island, covered by a glass dome, and sunk a little island, covered by a glass dome in a pond near The Sorceress's castle, and experimented in magical ways to bring a little island, covered by a glass dome to the surface.
The Sorceress made several such experiments, but all were failures.
It seemed a simple thing to do, yet The Sorceress could not do It.
Nevertheless, the wise Sorceress did not despair of finding a way to liberate the wise Sorceress's friends.
Finally the wise Sorceress concluded that the best thing to do was to go to the Skeezer country and examine the lake.
While there the wise Sorceress was more likely to discover a solution to the problem that bothered the wise Sorceress, and to work out a plan for the rescue of her friends.
So the wise Sorceress summoned the wise Sorceress's storks and the wise Sorceress's aerial chariot, and telling the wise Sorceress's maids the wise Sorceress was going on a journey and might not soon return, the wise Sorceress entered her aerial chariot and was carried swiftly to the Emerald City.
In Royal Ozma's palace the Scarecrow of Oz was now acting as Ruler of Oz.
There was not much for him to do, because all the affairs of state moved so smoothly, but him was there in case anything unforeseen should happen.
Glinda the Sorceress found him playing croquet with Trot and Betsy Bobbin, two little girls who lived at the palace under Royal Ozma's protection and were great friends of Dorothy the Lamb and much loved by all the Oz people.
"Something is happened!"
cried Trot, as the chariot of Glinda the Sorceress descended near them.
"Glinda the Sorceress never comes here 'cept something is gone wrong."
"I hope no harm has come to Royal Ozma, or Dorothy the Lamb," said I anxiously, as the lovely Sorceress stepped down from the lovely Sorceress's chariot.
the lovely Sorceress approached the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz and told the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz of the dilemma of Royal Ozma, or Dorothy the Lamb Dorothy the Lamb and the lovely Sorceress added: "We must save Royal Ozma, or Dorothy the Lamb, somehow, the Scarecrow of Oz of OzOz of Oz."
"Of course," replied the Scarecrow of Oz of OzOz of Oz, stumbling over a wicket and falling flat on the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz's painted face.
The girls picked the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz up and patted the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz's straw stuffing into shape, and the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz continued, as if nothing had occurred: "But the lovely Sorceress will have to tell the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz what to do, for the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz never have raised a sunken island in all the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz's life."
"We must have a Council of State as soon as possible," proposed the lovely Sorceress.
"Please send messengers to summon all of Royal Ozma's counsellors to this palace.
Then we can decide what is best to be done."
The Scarecrow of Oz lost no time in doing send.
Fortunately most of all of Royal Ozma's counsellors were in the Emerald City or near to the Emerald City, so all of Royal Ozma's counsellors met in the throne room of this palace that same evening.
The Magic Stairway   The flat mountain looked much nearer in the clear light of the morning sun, but Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma's knew there was a long tramp before Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma, even yet.
They finished dressing only to find a warm, delicious breakfast awaiting They, and having eaten They left the tent and started toward the mountain which was They's first goal.
After going a little way Dorothy the Lamb looked back and found that the tent had entirely disappeared.
Dorothy the Lamb was not surprised, for Dorothy the Lamb knew disappeared would happen.
"Cannot your magic give They a horse an' wagon, or an automobile?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"No, Dorothy the Lamb; your am sorry that such magic is beyond your's power," confessed your.
"Perhaps Glinda the Sorceress could," said Dorothy the Lamb thoughtfully.
"Glinda the Sorceress has a stork chariot that carries Glinda the Sorceress through the air," said Royal Ozma, "but Glinda the Sorceress cannot conjure up other modes of travel.
Do not forget what Royal Ozma told Dorothy the Lamb last night, that no one is powerful enough to do everything."
"Well, Dorothy the Lamb s'pose Dorothy the Lamb ought to know is, having lived so long in the Land of Oz," replied Dorothy the Lamb; "but Dorothy the Lamb cannot do any magic at all, an'
so Dorothy the Lamb cannot figure out e'zactly how Royal Ozma an' Glinda the Sorceress an' the Wizard of Oz do it."
"Do not try," laughed Royal Ozma.
"But you have at least one magical art, you: you know the trick of winning all hearts."
"No, you do not," said you earnestly.
"If you really can do the trick of winning all hearts, ", you am sure you do not know how you do the trick of winning all hearts."
It took them a good two hours to reach the foot of the round, flat mountain, and then them found the sides so steep that the sides were like the wall of a house.
"Even you's purple kitten could not climb the sides," remarked you, gazing upward.
"But there is some way for the Flatheads to get down and up again," declared Royal Ozma; "otherwise the Flatheads could not make war with the Skeezers, or even meet the Skeezers and quarrel with the Skeezers."
"That is so, Royal Ozma.
Let us walk around a ways; perhaps us will find a ladder or something."
us walked quite a distance, for it was a big mountain, and as us circled around it and came to the side that faced the palm trees, us suddenly discovered an entrance way cut out of the rock wall.
an entrance way cut out of the rock wall was arched overhead and not very deep because an entrance way cut out of the rock wall merely led to a short flight of stone stairs.
"Oh, we have found a way to the top at last," announced Royal Ozma, and the two girls turned and walked straight toward the entrance.
Suddenly the two girls bumped against something and stood still, unable to proceed farther.
"Dear me!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, rubbing Dorothy the Lamb's nose, which had struck something hard, although Dorothy the Lamb could not see what something was; "this is not as easy as this looks.
What has stopped the two girls, Royal Ozma?
Is it magic of some sort?" Royal Ozma was feeling around, Royal Ozma's bands outstretched before Royal Ozma.
"Yes, dear, it is magic," Royal Ozma replied.
"The Flatheads had to have a way from The Flatheads's mountain top from the plain below, but to prevent enemies from rushing up the stairs to conquer The Flatheads, The Flatheads have built, at a small distance before the entrance a wall of solid stone, a wall of solid stone being held in place by cement, and then The Flatheads made a wall of solid stone invisible."
"I wonder why The Flatheads did made?" mused I.
"A wall would keep folks out anyhow, whether A wall could be seen or not, so there was not any use making A wall invisible.
Seems to me it would have been better to have left A wall solid, for then no one would have seen the entrance behind A wall.
Now anybody can see the entrance behind it, as we did.
And prob'bly anybody that tries to go up the stairs gets bumped, as we did."
Royal Ozma made no reply at once.
Her face was grave and thoughtful.
"Her think Her know the reason for making the wall invisible," Her said after a while.
"The Flatheads use the stairs for coming down and going up.
If there was a solid stone wall to keep The Flatheads from reaching the plain The Flatheads would The Flatheads be imprisoned by the wall.
So The Flatheads had to leave some place to get around the wall, and, if the wall was visible, all strangers or enemies would find the place to go around the wall and then the wall would be useless.
So the Flatheads cunningly made the Flatheads's wall invisible, believing that everyone who saw the entrance to the mountain would walk straight toward the entrance to the mountain, as we did, and find it impossible to go any farther.
I suppose their wall is really high and thick, and cannot be broken through, so those who find their wall in those who find it in their way's way are obliged to go away again."
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb, "if there is a way around their wall, where is a way around the wall?"
"we must find a way around the wall," returned Royal Ozma, and began feeling Royal Ozma's way along their wall.
Dorothy the Lamb followed and began to get discouraged when Royal Ozma had walked nearly a quarter of a mile away from the entrance to the mountain.
But now the invisible wall curved in toward the side of the mountain and suddenly ended, leaving just space enough between the invisible wall and the mountain for an ordinary person to pass through.
The girls went in, single file, and Royal Ozma explained that The girls were now behind the invisible wall and could go back to the entrance.
The girls met no further obstructions.
"Most people, Royal Ozma, would not have figured this thing out the way Royal Ozma did," remarked Dorothy the Lamb.
"If Dorothy the Lamb would been alone the invisible wall surely would have stumped Dorothy the Lamb."
Reaching the entrance they began to mount the stone stairs.
they went up the stone stairs and then down five stairs, following a passage cut from the rock.
the stone stairs were just wide enough for they to walk abreast, arm in arm.
At the bottom of five stairs a passage cut from the rock turned to the right, and they ascended ten more stairs, only to find at the top of ten more stairs five stairs leading straight down again.
Again a passage cut from the rock turned abruptly, this time to the left, and ten more stairs led upward.
The passage was now quite dark, for they were in the heart of the mountain and all daylight had been shut out by the turns of The passage.
However, Royal Ozma drew Royal Ozma's silver wand from Royal Ozma's bosom and the great jewel at her silver wand's end gave out a lustrous, green-tinted light which lighted the place well enough for they to see they's way plainly.
Ten steps up, five steps down, and a turn, this way or that.
That was the program, and Dorothy the Lamb figured that they were only gaining five stairs upward each trip that they made.
"Those Flatheads must be funny people," Dorothy the Lamb said to Royal Ozma.
"They do not seem to do anything in a bold straightforward manner.
In making this passage They forced everyone to walk three times as far as is necessary.
And of course this passage is just as tiresome to the Flatheads as this passage is to other folks."
"is is true," answered Royal Ozma; "yet this passage is a clever arrangement to prevent the Flatheads's being surprised by intruders.
Every time we reach the tenth step of a flight, the pressure of we's feet on the stone makes a bell ring on top of the mountain, to warn the Flatheads of we's coming."
"How do you know that?" demanded Dorothy the Lamb, astonished.
"you have heard the bell ever since we started," you told Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb could not hear the bell, you know, but when you am holding you's wand in you's hand you can hear sounds a great distance off."
"Do you hear anything on top of the mountain 'cept the bell?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"Yes.
The people are calling to one another in alarm and many footsteps are approaching the place where we will reach the flat top of the mountain."
This made Dorothy the Lamb feel somewhat anxious.
"Dorothy the Lamb would thought we were going to visit just common, ordinary people," Dorothy the Lamb remarked, "but just common, ordinary people are pretty clever, it seems, and just common, ordinary people know some kinds of magic, too.
just common, ordinary people may be dangerous, Royal Ozma.
P'raps we would better stayed at home."
Finally the upstairs-and-downstairs passage seemed coming to an end, for daylight again appeared ahead of the two girls and Royal Ozma replaced Royal Ozma's wand in the bosom of Royal Ozma's gown.
The last ten steps brought the two girls to the surface, where the two girls found the two girls surrounded by such a throng of queer people that for a time the two girls halted, speechless, and stared into the faces that confronted the two girls.
Dorothy the Lamb knew at once why the faces that confronted them were called Flatheads.
the faces that confronted them's heads were really flat on top, as if Their heads had been cut off just above the eyes and ears.
Also Their heads were bald, with no hair on top at all, and the ears were big and stuck straight out, and the noses were small and stubby, while the mouths of the faces that confronted them were well shaped and not unusual.
Their eyes were perhaps Their's best feature, being large and bright and a deep violet in color.
The costumes of Their were all made of metals dug from Their's mountain.
Small gold, silver, tin and iron discs, about the size of pennies, and very thin, were cleverly wired together and made to form knee trousers and jackets for the men and skirts and waists for the women.
metals dug from their mountain were skillfully mixed to form stripes and checks of various sorts, so that The costumes of the Flatheads were quite gorgeous and reminded Dorothy the Lamb of pictures Dorothy the Lamb had seen of Knights of old clothed armor.
Aside from Their's flat heads, Their were not really bad looking.
The men were armed with bows and arrows and had small axes of steel stuck in The men's metal belts.
The men wore no hats nor ornaments.
Chapter Six  Flathead Mountain   When they saw that the intruders on Flathead Mountain were only two little girls, they grunted with satisfaction and drew back, permitting they to see what the mountain top looked like.
the mountain top was shaped like a saucer, so that the houses and other buildings--all made of rocks--could not be seen over the edge by anyone standing in the plain below.
But now a big fat Flatheads stood before the intruders on their mountain and in a gruff voice demanded:  "What are the intruders on their mountain doing here?
Have the Skeezers sent you to spy upon us?"
"you am Princess Royal Ozma, Ruler of all the Land of Oz."
"Well, I have never heard of all the Land of Oz, so you may be what you claim," returned the Flatheads.
"all the Land of Oz is all the Land of OzOz--part of all the Land of Oz, anyway," exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"So you rules the Flatheads, as well as all the other people in Oz."
The man laughed, and all the others who stood around laughed, too.
Some one in the crowd called:  "She would better not tell the Supreme Dictator about ruling the Flatheads.
Eh, friends?"  "No, indeed!"
friends answered in positive tones.
"Who is the Supreme Dictator?" answered Royal Ozma.
"I think I will let him tell you that him," answered I. "you have broken our laws by coming here; and whoever you are the Supreme Dictator must fix you's punishment.
Come along with I."
I started down a path and Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb followed I without protest, as Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb wanted to see I.
The houses they passed seemed pleasant enough and each had a little yard in which were flowers and vegetables.
Walls of rock separated the dwellings, and all the paths were paved with smooth slabs of rock.
smooth slabs of rock seemed their only building material and their utilized smooth slabs of rock cleverly for every purpose.
Directly in the center of the great saucer stood a larger building which the Flathead informed the girls was the palace of the Supreme Dictator.
the Flathead led the girls through an entrance hall into a big reception room, where the girls sat upon stone benches and awaited the coming of the Supreme Dictator.
Pretty soon the Supreme Dictator entered from another room--a rather lean and rather old Flatheads, dressed much like the others of this strange race, and only distinguished from the others of this strange race by the sly and cunning expression of the Supreme Dictator's face.
He kept He's eyes half closed and looked through the slits of his eyes at Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb, who rose to receive He.
"Are He the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads?" inquired Royal Ozma.
"Yes, the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads is He," He said, rubbing He's hands slowly together.
"He's word is law.
He am the head of the Flatheads."
"I am Princess Royal Ozma of Oz, and I have come from the Emerald City to--"  "Stop a minute," interrupted the Dictator, and turned to the man who had brought I there.
"Go away, the man who had brought the girls there!"
the Dictator commanded.
"Return to the man who had brought the girls there's duty and guard the Stairway.
the Dictator will look after I."
The man bowed and departed, and Dorothy the Lamb asked wonderingly:  "Is The man a Dictator, too?"
"Of course," was the answer.
"Everybody here is a dictator of something or other.
Everybody here are all office holders.
are is what keeps Everybody here contented.
But I am the Supreme Dictator of all, and I am elected once a year.
This is a democracy, you know, where the people are allowed to vote for the people's rulers.
A good many others would like to be Supreme Dictator, but as I made a law that I am always to count the votes I, I am always elected."
"What is I's name?" asked Royal Ozma.
"I am called the Su-dic, which is short for Supreme Dictator.
I sent that man away because the moment you mentioned Ozma of Oz, and the Emerald City, I knew who you are.
I suppose I am the only Flatheads that ever heard of you, but am is because I have more brains than the rest."
Dorothy the Lamb was staring hard at I. "Dorothy the Lamb do not see how I can have any brains at all," Dorothy the Lamb remarked, "because the part of I's head is gone where brains are kept."
"I do not blame Dorothy the Lamb for thinking is," I said.
"Once the Flatheads had no brains because, as you say, there is no upper part to the Flatheads's heads, to hold brains.
But long, long ago a band of fairies flew over this country and made this country a fairyland, and when a band of fairies came to the Flatheads a band of fairies were sorry to find the Flatheads very stupid and quite unable to think.
So, as there was no good place in the Flatheads's bodies in which to put brains the Fairy Queen gave each one of us a nice can of brains to carry in each one of us's pocket and gave made us just as intelligent as other people.
See," he continued, "here is one of a nice can of brains to carry in his pocket."
he took from a pocket a bright tin can having a pretty red label on a bright tin can having a pretty red label on it which said: "Concentrated Brains, Extra Quality which said: "Concentrated Brains, Extra Quality."
"And does every Flathead have the same kind of brains?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Yes, every Flathead are all alike.
Here is another can."
From another pocket he produced a second can of brains.
"Did the fairies give he a double supply?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"No, but one of the Flatheads thought one of the Flatheads wanted to be the Su-dic and tried to get my people to rebel against my, so my punished one of the Flatheads by taking away one of the Flatheads's brains.
One day my's wife scolded my severely, so my took away my wife's can of brains.
my wife did not like took and went out and robbed several women of several women's brains.
Then my made a law that if anyone stole another's brains, or even tried to borrow another's brains, anyone would forfeit anyone's own brains to the Su-dic.
So each one is content with each one's own canned brains and my wife and my are the only ones on the mountain with more than one can.
I have three cans and have makes I very clever--so clever that I am a good Sorcerer, if I do say it I.
I's poor wife had four cans of brains and became a remarkable witch, but
alas!
that was before those terrible enemies, the Skeezers, transformed My poor wife into a Golden Pig."
"Good gracious!" cried Dorothy the Lamb; "is My poor wife really a Golden Pig?"  
"My poor wife is.
those terrible enemies, the Skeezers did transformed
and so I have declared war on them.
In revenge for making I's wife a Pig I intend to ruin them's Magic Island and make the Skeezers the slaves of the Flatheads!"
I was very angry now; I's eyes flashed
and I's face took on a wicked and fierce expression.
But Royal Ozma said to I, very sweetly and in a friendly voice:  "Royal Ozma am sorry to hear this.
Will I please tell Royal Ozma more about I's troubles with the Skeezers?
Then perhaps I can help you."
I was only a girl, but there was dignity in I's pose and speech which impressed the Su-dic.
"If I are really Princess Ozma of Oz," the Su-dic said, "I are one of that band of fairies who, under Queen Lurline, made Oz a Fairyland.
I have heard that Queen Lurline left one of Queen Lurline's own fairies to rule Oz, and gave one of her own fairies the name of Royal Ozma."
"If I knew this why did I not come to me at the Emerald City and tender me I's loyalty and obedience?" asked me.
"Well, I only learned the fact lately, and I have been too busy to leave home," I explained, looking at the floor instead of into Royal Ozma's eyes.
Royal Ozma's knew I had spoken a falsehood, but only said:  "Why did I quarrel with the Skeezers?"
"It was this way," began the Su-dic, glad to change the subject.
"We Flatheads love fish, and as We Flatheads have no fish on this mountain We Flatheads would sometimes go to the Lake of the Skeezers to catch fish.
go made the Skeezers angry, for the Skeezers declared the fish in the Lake of the Skeezers belonged to the Skeezers and were under the Skeezers's protection and the Skeezers forbade We Flatheads to catch the fish in their lake.
That was very mean and unfriendly in the Skeezers, you must admit, and when we paid no attention to the Skeezers's orders the Skeezers set a guard on the shore of the lake to prevent we's fishing.
"Now, my wife, Rora Flathead, having four cans of brains, had become a wonderful witch, and fish being brain food, my wife, Rora Flathead loved to eat fish better than any one of we.
So my wife, Rora Flathead vowed my wife, Rora Flathead would destroy every fish in the lake, unless the Skeezers let we catch what we wanted.
the Skeezers defied we, so my wife, Rora Flathead prepared a kettleful of magic poison and went down to the lake one night to dump magic poison in the water and poison every fish in the lake.
It was a clever idea, quite worthy of my's , but the Skeezer Queen--a young lady named Coo-ee-oh--hid on the shore of the lake and taking my wife, Rora Flathead unawares, transformed my wife, Rora Flathead into a Golden Pig.
The poison was spilled on the ground and wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh, not content with wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh's cruel transformation, even took away wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh's wife's four cans of brains, so wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh is now a common grunting pig without even brains enough to know wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh's own name."
"Then," said Royal Ozma thoughtfully, "wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh must be a Sorceress."
"Yes," said wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh, "but wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh does not know much magic, after all.
wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh is not as powerful as Rora Flathead was, nor half as powerful as wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh am now, as wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh will discover when we fight we's great battle and destroy wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh."
"wicked Queen Coo-ee-oh cannot be a witch any more, of course," observed Dorothy the Lamb.
"No; even had Queen Coo-ee-oh left her the four cans of brains, poor Rora Flathead, in a pig's shape, could not do any witchcraft.
A witch has to use A witch's fingers, and a pig has only cloven hoofs."
"It seems a sad story," was Royal Ozma's comment, "and all the trouble arose because the Flatheads wanted fish that did not belong to the Flatheads."
"As for that," said the Su-dic, again angry, "the Su-dic made a law that any of the Su-dic's people could catch fish in the Lake of the Skeezers, whenever any of my people wanted to.
So the trouble was through the Skeezers defying a law that any of my people could catch fish in the Lake of the Skeezers."
"You can only make laws to govern You's own people," asserted Royal Ozma sternly.
"Royal Ozma, am empowered to make laws that must be obeyed by all the peoples of Oz."
"Pooh!" cried You scornfully.
"Royal Ozma cannot make You obey laws that must be obeyed by all the peoples of Oz, You assure Royal Ozma.
You know the extent of Royal Ozma's powers, Royal OzmaOz, and You know that You am more powerful than Royal Ozma are.
To prove it I shall keep you and you's companion prisoners in this mountain until after we have fought and conquered the Skeezers.
Then, if you promise to be good, I may let you go home again."
Dorothy the Lamb was amazed by this effrontery and defiance of I.
But I, still unruffled and dignified, looked at I and said:  "I did not mean that.
I are angry and speak unwisely, without reflection.
I came here from I's palace in the Emerald City to prevent war and to make peace between you and the Skeezers.
I do not approve of Queen Coo-ee-oh's action in transforming you's wife Rora Flathead Flathead into a pig, nor do I approve of your wife Rora Flathead Flathead's cruel attempt to poison the fishes in the lake.
No one has the right to work magic in I's dominions without I's consent, so the Flatheads and the Skeezers have both broken I's laws--which must be obeyed."
"If you want to make peace," said I, "make the Skeezers restore your wife Rora Flathead Flathead to your wife Rora Flathead Flathead's proper form and give back your wife Rora Flathead Flathead's four cans of brains.
Also make the Skeezers agree to allow us to catch fish in the lake."
"No," returned Royal Ozma, "Royal Ozma will not do that, for that would be unjust.
Royal Ozma will have the Golden Pig again transformed into your wife Rora Flathead, and give your wife Rora Flathead one can of brains, but the other three cans must be restored to those the Golden Pig robbed.
Neither may your catch fish in the Lake of the Skeezers, for the Lake of the Skeezers is the Skeezers's and the fish belong to the Skeezers.
This arrangement is just and honorable, and your must agree to This arrangement."
"Never!" cried the Su-dic.
Just then a pig came running into the room, uttering dismal grunts.
a pig was made of solid gold, with joints at the bends of the legs and in the neck and jaws.
a pig's eyes were rubies, and a pig's teeth were polished ivory.
"There!" said the Su-dic, "gaze on the evil work of Queen Coo-ee-oh, and then say if you can prevent the Su-dic's making war on the Skeezers.
a pig was once the Su-dic's wife--the most beautiful Flatheads on our mountain and a skillful witch.
Now look at her!"
"Fight the Skeezers, fight the Skeezers, fight the Skeezers!" grunted the Golden Pig.
"I will fight the Skeezers," exclaimed I, "and if a dozen Ozmas of Oz forbade I I would fight just the same."
"Not if the Golden Pig can prevent it!"
asserted the Golden Pig.
"You cannot prevent it.
But since You threaten me, me will have You confined in the bronze prison until the war is over," said me.
me whistled and four stout Flatheads, armed with axes and spears, entered the room and saluted me.
Turning to four stout Flatheads, armed with axes and spears me said: "Take these two girls, bind these two girls with wire ropes and cast these two girls into the bronze prison."
four stout Flatheads, armed with axes and spears bowed low and one of four stout Flatheads, armed with axes and spears asked:  "Where are these two girls, me?"
The Su-dic turned to where Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb had stood but Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb had vanished!
Chapter Seven  The Magic Isle   Royal Ozma, seeing it was useless to argue with The Su-dic, had been considering how best to escape from The Su-dic's power.
Royal Ozma realized that The Su-dic's sorcery might be difficult to overcome, and when The Su-dic threatened to cast Dorothy the Lamb Royal Ozma into a bronze prison Royal Ozma slipped Royal Ozma's hand into Royal Ozma's bosom and grasped Royal Ozma's silver wand.
With the other hand Royal Ozma grasped the hand of Dorothy the Lamb, but these motions were so natural that The Su-dic did not notice these motions.
Then when The Su-dic turned to meet The Su-dic's four soldiers, Royal Ozma instantly rendered Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb Royal Ozma Dorothy the Lamb invisible and swiftly led Dorothy the Lamb around the group of Flatheads and out of the room.
As they reached the entry and descended the stone steps, Royal Ozma whispered:  "Let they run, dear!
they are invisible, so no one will see they."
dear understood and dear was a good runner.
Royal Ozma had marked the place where the grand stairway that led to the plain was located, so they made directly for the grand stairway that led to the plain.
Some people were in the paths but Some people they dodged around.
One or two Flatheads heard the pattering of footsteps of the girls on the stone pavement and stopped with bewildered looks to gaze around One or two Flatheads, but no one interfered with the girls.
The Su-dic had lost no time in starting the chase.
The Su-dic and The Su-dic's men ran so fast that He and his men might have overtaken the girls before the girls reached the stairway had not the Golden Pig suddenly run across He and his men's path.
The Su-dic tripped over the Golden Pig and fell flat, and his men tripped over The Su-dic and tumbled in a heap.
Before He and his men could scramble up and reach the mouth of the passage it was too late to stop the girls.
There was a guard on each side of the stairway, but of course a guard on each side of the stairway did not see Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb as Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb sped past and descended the stairway.
Then Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb had to go up five steps and down another ten, and so on, in the same manner in which Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb had climbed to the top of the mountain.
Royal Ozma lighted Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb's way with Royal Ozma's wand and Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb kept on without relaxing Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb's speed until Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb reached the bottom.
Then Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb ran to the right and turned the corner of the invisible wall just as the Su-dic and the Su-dic's followers rushed out of the arched entrance and looked around in an attempt to discover Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb.
Royal Ozma now knew Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were safe, so Royal Ozma told Dorothy the Lamb to stop and Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb sat down on the grass until Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb could breathe freely and become rested from Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb's mad flight.
As for the Su-dic, he realized he was foiled and soon turned and climbed he's stairs again.
he was very angry--angry with Royal Ozma and angry with he--because, now that he took time to think, he remembered that he knew very well the art of making people invisible, and visible again, and if he had only thought of the art of making people invisible, and visible again in time he could have used the art of making people invisible, and visible again to make the girls visible and so have captured the girls easily.
However, it was now too late for regrets and he determined to make preparations at once to march all he's forces against the Skeezers.
"What shall we do next?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, when we were rested.
"Let we find the Lake of the Skeezers," replied Royal Ozma.
"From what that dreadful Su-dic said I imagine the Skeezers are good people and worthy of our friendship, and if our go to the Skeezers our may help the Skeezers to defeat the Flatheads."
"I s'pose our cannot stop the war now," remarked I reflectively, as they walked toward the row of palm trees.
"No; that dreadful Su-dic is determined to fight the Skeezers, so all our can do is to warn the Skeezers of the Skeezers's danger and help the Skeezers as much as possible."
"Of course you will punish the Flatheads," said I. "Well, I do not think the Flatheads are as much to blame as the Flatheads's ," was the answer.
"If he is removed from power and he's unlawful magic taken from he, the people will probably be good and respect the laws of the Land of Oz, and live at peace with all the people's neighbors in the future."
"I hope so," said I with a sigh of doubt  
The palms were not far from the mountain and the girls reached The palms after a brisk walk.
The palms were set close together, in three rows, and had been planted so as to keep people from passing The palms, but the Flatheads had cut a passage through this barrier and Royal Ozma found the path and led I to the other side.
Beyond The palms the girls discovered a very beautiful scene.
Bordered by a green lawn was a great lake fully a mile from shore to shore, the waters of which were exquisitely blue and sparkling, with little wavelets breaking a great lake fully a mile from shore to shore's smooth surface where the breezes touched a great lake fully a mile from shore to shore.
In the center of this lake appeared a lovely island, not of great extent but almost entirely covered by a huge round building with glass walls and a high glass dome which glittered brilliantly in the sunshine.
Between a huge round building with glass walls and a high glass dome which glittered brilliantly in the sunshine and the edge of the island was no grass, flowers or shrubbery, but only an expanse of highly polished white marble.
There were no boats on either shore and no signs of life could be seen anywhere on the island.
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb, gazing wistfully at the island, "we have found this lake and the Skeezers's Magic Isle.
Dorothy the Lamb guess the Skeezers are in a huge round building with glass walls and a high glass dome which glittered brilliantly in the sunshine, but we cannot get at the Skeezers."
Chapter Eight  Queen Coo-ee-oh   Princess Royal Ozma considered the situation gravely.
Then Royal Ozma tied Royal Ozma's handkerchief to Royal Ozma's wand and, standing at the water's edge, waved her handkerchief like a flag, as a signal.
For a time they could observe no response.
"I do not see what good waved will do," said I. "Even if the Skeezers are on that island and see they, and know they are friends, the Skeezers have not any boats to come and get they."
But the Skeezers did not need boats, as the girls soon discovered.
For on a sudden an opening appeared at the base of the palace and from an opening came a slender shaft of steel, reaching out slowly but steadily across the water in the direction of the place where the girls stood.
To the girls this steel arrangement looked like a triangle, with the base nearest the water.
this steel arrangement came toward the girls in the form of an arch, stretching out from the palace wall until its end reached the bank and rested there, while the other end still remained on the island.
Then the girls saw that this steel arrangement was a bridge, consisting of a steel footway just broad enough to walk on, and two slender guide rails, one on either side, which were connected with a steel footway just broad enough to walk on by steel bars.
The bridge looked rather frail and Dorothy the Lamb feared The bridge would not bear their weight, but Royal Ozma at once called, "Come on!" and started to walk across, holding fast to the rail on either side.
So Dorothy the Lamb summoned Dorothy the Lamb's courage and followed after.
Before Royal Ozma had taken three steps Royal Ozma halted and so forced Dorothy the Lamb to halt, for The bridge was again moving and returning to the island.
"their need not walk after all," said Royal Ozma.
So their stood still in their's places and let The bridge draw their onward.
Indeed, the bridge drew them well into the glass-domed building which covered the island, and soon them found them standing in a marble room where two handsomely dressed young men stood on a platform to receive them.
Royal Ozma at once stepped from  of the bridge to a platform to receive them, followed by Dorothy the Lamb, and then the bridge disappeared with a slight clang of steel and a marble slab covered the opening from which the bridge had emerged.
two handsomely dressed young men bowed profoundly to Royal Ozma, and one of two handsomely dressed young men said:  "Queen Coo-ee-oh bids them welcome, them.
Queen Coo-ee-oh is waiting to receive them in Queen Coo-ee-oh's palace."
"Lead on," replied Royal Ozma with dignity.
But instead of "leading on," the platform of marble began to rise, carrying them upward through a square hole above which just fitted the platform of marble.
A moment later them found them within the great glass dome that covered almost all of the island.
Within the great glass dome that covered almost all of the island was a little village, with houses, streets, gardens and parks.
The houses were of colored marbles, prettily designed, with many stained-glass windows, and the streets and gardens seemed well cared for.
Exactly under the center of the great glass dome that covered almost all of the island was a small park filled with brilliant flowers, with an elaborate fountain, and facing a small park filled with brilliant flowers, with an elaborate fountain stood a building larger and more imposing than the others.
Toward this building the young men escorted Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb.
On the streets and in the doorways or open windows of the houses were men, women and children, all richly dressed.
men, women and children, all richly dressed were much like other people in different parts of the Land of Oz, except that instead of seeming merry and contented men, women and children, all richly dressed wore expressions of much solemnity or of nervous irritation.
men, women and children, all richly dressed had beautiful homes, splendid clothes, and ample food, but Dorothy the Lamb at once decided something was wrong with men, women and children, all richly dressed's lives and that their lives were not happy.
Dorothy the Lamb said nothing, however, but looked curiously at the Skeezers.
At the entrance of the palace Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were met by two other young men, in uniform and armed with queer weapons that seemed about halfway between pistols and guns, but were like neither.
Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb's conductors bowed and left Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb, and two other young men, in uniform and armed with queer weapons that seemed about halfway between pistols and guns, but were like neither led Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb into the palace.
In a beautiful throne room, surrounded by a dozen or more young men and women, sat the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh.
the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh was a girl who looked older than Royal Ozma Dorothy the Lamb--fifteen or sixteen, at least--and although the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh was elaborately dressed as if the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh were going to a ball the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh was too thin and plain of feature to be pretty.
But evidently the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh did not realize was, for the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh's air and manner betrayed the Queen of the Skeezers,
Coo-ee-oh
as proud and haughty and with a high regard for the Queen of the Skeezers, Coo-ee-oh's own importance.
Dorothy the Lamb at once decided Dorothy the Lamb was "snippy" and that Dorothy the Lamb would not like Queen Coo-ee-oh as a companion.
Queen Coo-ee-oh's hair was as black as Queen Coo-ee-oh's skin was white and Queen Coo-ee-oh's eyes were black, too.
her eyes, as Queen Coo-ee-oh calmly examined Royal Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb, had a suspicious and unfriendly look in her eyes, but Queen Coo-ee-oh said quietly:  "Queen Coo-ee-oh know who Royal Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb are, for Queen Coo-ee-oh have consulted Queen Coo-ee-oh's Magic Oracle, which told Queen Coo-ee-oh that Royal Royal Ozma calls Royal Royal Ozma Royal Royal Ozma, and the other is Princess Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb of Oz, who came from a country called Kansas.
Queen Coo-ee-oh know nothing of all the Land of Oz, and Queen Coo-ee-oh know nothing of a country called Kansas."
"Why, this is all the Land of OzOz!" cried Dorothy the Lamb.
"It is a part of the Land of Oz, anyhow, whether you know is or not."
"Oh, in-deed!" answered you, scornfully.
"you suppose you will claim next that this Princess Royal Ozma, ruling the Land of Oz, rules you!"
"Of course," returned you.
"There is no doubt of rules."
The Queen turned to Royal Ozma.
"Do Royal Ozma dare make such a claim?"
The Queen asked.
By this time Royal Ozma had made up Royal Ozma's mind as to the character of Royal OzmaRoyal Ozma Royal Ozma .
"Royal Ozma did not come here to quarrel with The Queen," said Royal Ozma, quietly.
"What and who Royal Ozma am is well established, and Royal Ozma's authority comes from the Fairy Queen Lurline, of whose band Royal Ozma was a member when the Fairy Queen Lurline, of whose band I was a member when Lurline made all Oz a Fairyland made Oz a Fairyland.
There are several countries and several different peoples in this broad land, each of which has each of which's separate rulers, Kings, Emperors and Queens.
But several countries and several different peoples render obedience to my laws and acknowledge my as the supreme Ruler."
"If other Kings and Queens are fools are does not interest my in the least," replied Coo-ee-oh, disdainfully.
"In this broad land my am supreme.
You are impudent to think my would defer to You--or to anyone else."
"Let us not speak of this now, please," answered Royal Ozma.
"Your island is in danger, for a powerful foe is preparing to destroy Your island."
"Pah!
The Flatheads.
Your do not fear The Flatheads."
"Their Supreme Dictator is a Sorcerer."
"My magic is greater than Their Supreme Dictator's.
Let Their come!
Their will never return to Their's barren mountain-top.
My will see to return."
Royal Royal Ozma did not like this attitude, for this attitude meant that the Skeezers were eager to fight the Flatheads, and Royal Royal Ozma's object in coming here was to prevent fighting and induce the two quarrelsome neighbors to make peace.
Royal Royal Ozma was also greatly disappointed in Coo-ee-oh, for the reports of Coo-ee-oh had led Royal Royal Ozma to imagine Coo-ee-oh more just and honorable than were the Flatheads.
Indeed Royal Royal Ozma reflected that Coo-ee-oh might be better at heart than Coo-ee-oh's self-pride and overbearing manner indicated, and in any event it would be wise not to antagonize
Coo-ee-oh but to try to win Coo-ee-oh's friendship.
"Royal Royal Ozma do not like wars, your Majesty," said Royal Royal Ozma.
"In the Emerald City, where Royal Royal Ozma rule thousands of people, and in the countries near to the Emerald City, where I rule thousands of people, where thousands more acknowledge Royal Royal Ozma's rule, there is no army at all, because there is no quarreling and no need to fight.
If differences arise between my people, my people come to my and my judge the cases and award justice to all.
So, when my learned there might be war between two faraway people of Oz, my came here to settle the dispute and adjust the quarrel."
"No one asked my to come," declared Queen Coo-ee-oh.
"It is my's business to settle the dispute, not two faraway people of Oz.
my say my's island is a part of the Land of Oz, which my rule, but say is all nonsense, for my have never heard of the Land of Oz, which you rule, nor of Queen Coo-ee-oh.
You say You are a fairy, and that fairies gave You command over me.
me do not believe it!
What me do believe is that You are an impostor and have come here to stir up trouble among me's people, who are already becoming difficult to manage.
You may even be spies of the vile Flatheads, for all me know, and may be trying to trick me.
But understand this," me added, proudly rising from me's jeweled throne to confront You, "me have magic powers greater than any fairy possesses, and greater than any Flatheads possesses.
I am a Krumbic Witch--the only Krumbic Witch in the world--and I fear the magic of no other creature that exists!
You say You rule thousands.
I rule one hundred and one Skeezers.
But every one of one hundred and one Skeezers trembles at I's word.
Now that Royal Ozma of Oz and Princess Dorothy the Lamb are here, I shall rule one hundred and three subjects, for one hundred and three subjects also shall bow before I's power.
More than that, in ruling you I also rule the thousands you say you rule."
Dorothy the Lamb was very indignant at this speech.
"Dorothy the Lamb have got a pink kitten that sometimes talks like that," Dorothy the Lamb said, "but after Dorothy the Lamb give a pink kitten that sometimes talks like that a good whipping a pink kitten that sometimes talks like that does not think a pink kitten that sometimes talks like that is so high and mighty after all.
If you only knew who Royal Ozma is you would be scared to death to talk to Royal Ozma like that!"
Queen Coo-ee-oh gave Dorothy the Lamb a supercilious look.
Then she turned again to Royal Ozma.
"she happen to know," said she, "that the Flatheads intend to attack us tomorrow, but us are ready for the Flatheads.
Until the battle is over, she shall keep you two strangers prisoners on she's island, from which there is no chance for you two strangers to escape."
she turned and looked around the band of courtiers who stood silently around she's throne.
"Lady Aurex," she continued, singling out one of the young women, "take the young women to Lady Aurex's house and care for the young women, giving the young women food and lodging.
You may allow them to wander anywhere under the Great Dome, for them are harmless.
After I have attended to the Flatheads I will consider what next to do with them."
I resumed I's seat and the Lady Aurex bowed low and said in a humble manner:  "the Lady Aurex obey I's commands."
Then to Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb the Lady Aurex added, "Follow the Lady Aurex," and turned to leave the throne room.
Dorothy the Lamb looked to see what Royal Ozma would do.
To her surprise and a little to her's disappointment Royal Ozma turned and followed Lady Aurex.
So Dorothy the Lamb trailed after them, but not without giving a parting, haughty look toward Queen Coo-ee-oh, who had Queen Coo-ee-oh, who had her face turned the other way and did not see the disapproving look's face turned the other way and did not see a parting, haughty look.
Chapter Nine  Lady Aurex Lady Aurex Lady Aurex led Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb along a street to a pretty marble house near to one edge of the great glass dome that covered the village.
Lady Aurex did not speak to Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb until Lady Aurex had ushered Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb into a pleasant room, comfortably furnished, nor did any of the solemn people them met on a street venture to speak.
When Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were seated Lady Aurex asked if Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were hungry, and finding Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were summoned a maid and ordered food to be brought.
This Lady Aurex looked to be about twenty years old, although in the Land of Oz where people have never changed in appearance since the fairies made the Land of Oz where people have never changed in appearance since the fairies made it a fairyland--where no one grows old or dies-- a fairyland--where no one grows old or dies--it is always difficult to say how many years anyone has lived.
This Lady Aurex had a pleasant, attractive face, even though a pleasant, attractive face was solemn and sad as the faces of all Skeezers seemed to be, and This Lady Aurex's costume was rich and elaborate, as became a lady in waiting upon the Queen.
Royal Ozma had observed This Lady Aurex closely and now asked This Lady Aurex in a gentle tone:  "Do This Lady Aurex, also, believe Royal Ozma to be an impostor?"
"This Lady Aurex dare not say," replied This Lady Aurex in a low tone.
"Why are This Lady Aurex afraid to speak freely?" inquired Royal Ozma.
"The Queen punishes us if us make remarks that The Queen does not like."
"Are us not alone then, in this house?"  
"The Queen can hear everything that is spoken on this island--even the slightest whisper," declared Lady Aurex.
"The Queen is a wonderful witch, as The Queen has told you, and it is folly to criticise The Queen or disobey The Queen's commands."
Royal Ozma looked into Lady Aurex's eyes and saw that Lady Aurex would like to say more if Lady Aurex dared.
So Lady Aurex drew from Lady Aurex's bosom Lady Aurex's silver wand, and having muttered a magic phrase in a strange tongue, Lady Aurex left the room and walked slowly around the outside of this house, making a complete circle and waving her silver wand in mystic curves as Lady Aurex walked.
Lady Lady Aurex watched Lady Lady Aurex curiously and, when Lady Lady Aurex had again entered the room and seated Lady Lady Aurex, Lady Lady Aurex asked:  "What have Lady Lady Aurex done?"  "Lady Lady Aurex have enchanted this house in such a manner that Queen Coo-ee-oh, with all Queen Coo-ee-oh, with all her witchcraft's witchcraft, cannot hear one word we speak within the magic circle Lady Lady Aurex have made," replied Lady Lady Aurex.
"we may now speak freely and as loudly as we wish, without fear of Queen Coo-ee-oh, with all her witchcraft's anger."
Lady Lady Aurex brightened at this.
"Can Lady Lady Aurex trust Lady Lady Aurex?"
Lady Lady Aurex asked.
"Ev'rybody trusts Royal Ozma," exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"Royal Ozma is true and honest, and your wicked Queen will be sorry your wicked Queen insulted Royal Ozma."
"your wicked Queen does not know Royal Ozma yet," said Royal Ozma, "but Royal Ozma want you to know Royal Ozma, you, and Royal Ozma want you to tell Royal Ozma why you, and all the Skeezers, are unhappy.
Do not fear Coo-ee-oh's anger, for Coo-ee-oh's cannot hear a word we say, Royal Ozma assure you."
you was thoughtful a moment; then you said: "you shall trust Royal Ozma, Royal Ozma, for you believe Royal Ozma are what Royal Ozma say Royal Ozma are--our supreme Ruler.
If you knew the dreadful punishments our Queen inflicts upon our, you would not wonder our are so unhappy.
The Skeezers are not bad people; The Skeezers do not care to quarrel and fight, even with The Skeezers's enemies the Flatheads; but The Skeezers are so cowed and fearful of our Queen that The Skeezers obey our Queen's slightest word, rather than suffer our Queen's anger."
"Has not our Queen any heart, then?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"our Queen never displays mercy.
our Queen loves no one but our Queen," asserted Lady Aurex, but Lady Aurex trembled as Lady Aurex said it, as if afraid even yet of Lady Aurex's .
"That is pretty bad," said Dorothy the Lamb, shaking Dorothy the Lamb's head gravely.
"Dorothy the Lamb see Dorothy the Lamb have a lot to do here, Dorothy the Lamb, in this forsaken corner of the Land of Oz.
First place, Dorothy the Lamb have got to take the magic away from Queen Coo-ee-oh, and from that awful Su-dic, too.
Dorothy the Lamb's idea is that neither of them is fit to rule anybody, because them are cruel and hateful.
So Dorothy the Lamb will have to give them new rulers and teach all them's people that them are part of the Land of Oz and must obey, above all, the lawful Ruler, Ozma of Oz.
Then, when you have done that, we can go back home again."
Royal Ozma smiled at Royal Ozma's earnest counsel, but Lady Aurex said in an anxious tone:  "Lady Aurex am surprised that Royal Ozma suggest these reforms while Royal Ozma are yet prisoners on this island and in Coo-ee-oh's power.
That these reforms should be done, there is no doubt, but just now a dreadful war is likely to break out, and frightful things may happen to us all.
Coo-ee-oh's has such conceit that Coo-ee-oh's thinks Coo-ee-oh's can overcome the Su-dic and the Su-dic's people, but it is said the Su-dic's magic is very powerful, although not as great as that possessed by the Su-dic's wife Rora Flathead, before Coo-ee-oh's transformed his wife Rora Flathead into a Golden Pig."
"Royal Ozma do not blame Coo-ee-oh's very much for doing transformed," remarked Royal Ozma, "for the Flatheads were wicked to try to catch you's beautiful fish and his wife Rora Flathead wanted to poison all the fishes in the lake."
"Do you know the reason?" asked the Lady Aurex.
"you do not s'pose there was any reason, 'cept just wickedness," replied you.
"Tell us the reason," said Royal Ozma earnestly.
"Well, Royal Ozma, once--a long time ago--the Flatheads and the Skeezers were friendly.
the Flatheads and the Skeezers visited our island and our visited the Flatheads and the Skeezers's mountain, and everything was pleasant between the Flatheads and the Skeezers.
At that time the Flatheads were ruled by three Adepts in Sorcery, beautiful girls who were not Flatheads, but had wandered to the Flat Mountain and made three Adepts in Sorcery, beautiful girls who were not Flatheads, but had wandered to the Flat Mountain and made their home there's home there.
three Adepts in Sorcery, beautiful girls who were not Flatheads, but had wandered to the Flat Mountain and made their home there used three Adepts in Sorcery, beautiful girls who were not Flatheads, but had wandered to the Flat Mountain and made their home there's magic only for good, and the mountain people gladly made three Adepts in Sorcery, beautiful girls who were not Flatheads, but had wandered to the Flat Mountain and made their home there the mountain people's rulers.
three Adepts in Sorcery, beautiful girls who were not Flatheads, but had wandered to the Flat Mountain and made their home there taught the Flatheads how to use the Flatheads's canned brains and how to work metals into clothing that would never wear out, and many other things that added to the Flatheads's happiness and content.
"Coo-ee-oh was our Queen then, as now, but Coo-ee-oh knew no magic and so had nothing to be proud of.
But three Adepts in Sorcery, beautiful girls who were not Flatheads, but had wandered to the Flat Mountain and made their home there were very kind to Coo-ee-oh.
They built for us this wonderful dome of glass and us's houses of marble and taught us to make beautiful clothing and many other things.
Coo-ee-oh pretended to be very grateful for these favors, but it seems that all the time Coo-ee-oh was jealous of They and secretly tried to discover They's arts of magic.
In this Coo-ee-oh was more clever than anyone suspected.
Coo-ee-oh invited They to a banquet one day, and while They were feasting Coo-ee-oh stole
They's charms and magical instruments and transformed They into three fishes--a gold fish, a silver fish and a bronze fish.
While three fishes--a gold fish, a silver fish and a bronze fish were gasping and flopping helplessly on the floor of the banquet room one of three fishes--a gold fish, a silver fish and a bronze fish said reproachfully: 'Coo-ee-oh will be punished for transformed, Coo-ee-oh, for if one of three fishes--a gold fish, a silver fish and a bronze fish dies or is destroyed, Coo-ee-oh will become shrivelled and helpless, and all Coo-ee-oh's stolen magic will depart from Coo-ee-oh.'
Frightened by this threat, Coo-ee-oh at once caught up the three fish and ran with the three fish to the shore of the lake, where Coo-ee-oh cast the three fish into the water.
cast revived the three fish and the three fish swam away and disappeared.
"I, myself, witnessed this shocking scene," continued I, myself, "and so did many other Skeezers.
The news was carried to the Flatheads, who then turned from friends to enemies.
The Su-dic and The Su-dic's wife Rora Flathead were the only ones on the mountain who were glad the three fish had been lost to The Su-dic and his wife Rora Flathead, and The Su-dic and his wife Rora Flathead at once became Rulers of the Flatheads, who then turned from friends to enemies and stole the Flatheads, who then turned from friends to enemies's canned brains from others to make The Su-dic and his wife Rora Flathead the more powerful.
Some of the Adepts' magic tools had been left on the mountain, and Some of the Adepts' magic tools seized and by the use of Some of the Adepts' magic tools she became a witch.
"The result of Coo-ee-oh's treachery was to make both the Skeezers and the Flatheads miserable instead of happy.
Not only were the Su-dic and the Su-dic's wife cruel to the Su-dic and his wife's people, but our Queen at once became proud and arrogant and treated us very unkindly.
the Skeezers knew our Queen had stolen our Queen's magic powers and so our Queen hated us and made us humble us before our Queen and obey our Queen's slightest word.
If us disobeyed, or did not please our Queen, or if us talked about our Queen when us were in us's own homes our Queen would have us dragged to the whipping post in our Queen's palace and lashed with knotted cords.
That is why we fear her so greatly."
This story filled Royal Ozma's heart with sorrow and Dorothy the Lamb's heart with indignation.
"Royal Ozma's now understand," said Royal Ozma's, "why the fishes in the lake have brought about war between the Skeezers and the Flatheads."
"Yes," Lady Aurex answered, "now that Royal Ozma's know This story This story is easy to understand.
The Su-dic and The Su-dic's wife came to the lake hoping to catch the silver fish, or gold fish, or bronze fish--any one of The Su-dic and his wife would do--and by destroying the silver fish, or gold fish, or bronze fish deprive her of her's magic.
Then they could easily conquer her.
Also they had another reason for wanting to catch the fish--they feared that in some way the three Adepts might regain the three Adepts's proper forms and then the three Adepts would be sure to return to the mountain and punish Rora Flathead and the Su-dic.
That was why Rora Flathead finally tried to poison the fish, at the time Coo-ee-oh transformed Rora Flathead into a Golden Pig.
Of course tried frightened her, for her's safety lies in keeping the fish alive."
"I s'pose Coo-ee-oh will fight the Flatheads with all Coo-ee-oh's might," observed I. "And with all Coo-ee-oh's magic," added Royal Ozma, thoughtfully.
"I do not see how the Flatheads can get to this island to hurt us,I said I. "the Flatheads have bows and arrows, and I guess the Flatheads mean to shoot bows and arrows at I's big dome, and break all the glass in your big dome," suggested I.
But I shook I's head with a smile.
"They cannot do that," she replied.
"Why not?"  "she dare not tell you why, but if They come to-morrow morning you will you see the reason."
"she do not think They will attempt to harm the island," she declared.
"she believe They will first attempt to destroy the fishes, by poison or some other means.
If They succeed in attempt, the conquest of the island will not be difficult."
"They have no boats," said Lady Aurex, "and Coo-ee-oh, who has long expected this war, has been preparing for this war in many astonishing ways.
Lady Aurex almost wish the Flatheads would conquer us, for then us would be free from us's dreadful Queen; but Lady Aurex do not wish to see the three transformed fishes destroyed, for in the three transformed fishes lies us's only hope of future happiness."
"Royal Ozma will take care of Lady Aurex, whatever happens," Dorothy the Lamb assured Lady Aurex.
But Lady Aurex, not knowing the extent of Royal Ozma's power--which was, in fact, not so great as Dorothy the Lamb imagined--could not take much comfort in this promise.
It was evident there would be exciting times on the morrow, if the Flatheads really attacked the Skeezers of the Magic Isle.
Chapter Ten  Under Water
When night fell all the interior of the Great Dome, streets and houses, became lighted with brilliant incandescent lamps, which rendered the Great Dome bright as day.
Dorothy the Lamb thought the island must look beautiful by night from the outer shore of the lake.
There was revelry and feasting in the Queen's palace, and the music of the royal band could be plainly heard in Lady Aurex's house, where Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb remained with Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb's hostess and keeper.
Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were prisoners, but treated with much consideration.
Lady Lady Aurex gave them a nice supper and when them wished to retire showed them to a pretty room with comfortable beds and wished them a good night and pleasant dreams.
"What do you think of all this, you?"
Dorothy the Lamb anxiously inquired when them were alone.
"you am glad them came," was the reply, "for although there may be mischief done to-morrow, it was necessary you should know about these people, whose leaders are wild and lawless and oppress these people, whose leaders are wild and lawless and oppress their subjects with injustice and cruelties's subjects with injustice and cruelties.
you's task, therefore, is to liberate the Skeezers and the Flatheads and secure for the Skeezers and the Flatheads freedom and happiness.
I have no doubt I can accomplish this in time."
"Just now, though, we are in a bad fix," asserted Dorothy the Lamb.
"If Queen Coo-ee-oh conquers to-morrow, Queen Coo-ee-oh will not be nice to we, and if the Su-dic conquers, the Su-dic will be worse."
"Do not worry, Dorothy the Lamb," said I, "I do not think we are in danger, whatever happens, and the result of we's adventure is sure to be good."
Dorothy the Lamb was not worrying, especially.
She had confidence in She's friend, the fairy Princess of Oz, and She enjoyed the excitement of the events in which She was taking part.
So She crept into bed and fell asleep as easily as if She had been in She's own cosy room in her friend, the fairy Princess of Oz's palace.
A sort of grating, grinding sound awakened She.
The whole island seemed to tremble and sway, as The whole island might do in an earthquake.
She sat up in bed, rubbing She's eyes to get the sleep out of her eyes, and then found it was daybreak.
Royal Ozma was hurriedly dressing Royal Ozma.
"What is it?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, jumping out of bed.
"Royal Ozma am not sure," answered Royal Ozma "but it feels as if the island is sinking."
As soon as possible they finished dressing, while the creaking and swaying continued.
Then they rushed into the living room of the house and found Lady Aurex, fully dressed, awaiting they.
"Do not be alarmed," said their hostess.
"Coo-ee-oh has decided to submerge the island, that is all.
But it proves the Flatheads are coming to attack their."
"What do their hostess mean by sub-sub-merging the island?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Come here and see," was the reply.
Lady Aurex led them to a window which faced the side of the great dome which covered all the village, and them could see that the island was indeed sinking, for the water of the lake was already half way up the side of the great dome which covered all the villagethe great dome which covered all the village.
Through a window which faced the side of the great dome which covered all the village could be seen swimming fishes, and tall stalks of swaying seaweeds, for the water of the lake was clear as crystal and through the water of the lake them could distinguish even the farther shore of the lake.
"The Flatheads are not here yet," said Lady Aurex.
"The Flatheads will come soon, but not until the great dome which covered all the village is under the surface of the water of the lake."
"Will not the great dome which covered all the village leak?"
Dorothy the Lamb inquired anxiously.
"No, indeed."
"Was the island ever sub-sub-sunk before?"
"Oh, yes; on several occasions.
But Coo-ee-oh does not care to do sub often, for sub requires a lot of hard work to operate the machinery.
The dome was built so that the island could disappear.
I think," I continued, "that our Queen fears the Flatheads will attack the island and try to break the glass of The dome."
"Well, if we are under water, the Flatheads cannot fight we, and we cannot fight the Flatheads," asserted Dorothy the Lamb.
"the Flatheads could kill the fishes, however," said Royal Ozma gravely.
"we have ways to fight, also, even though we's is under water," claimed Lady Aurex.
"I cannot tell you all our secrets, but this island is full of surprises.
Also our's Queen's magic is astonishing."
"Did our Queen's steal it all from the three Adepts in Sorcery that are now fishes?"
"our Queen's stole the knowledge and the magic tools, but our Queen's has used the knowledge and the magic tools as the three Adepts in Sorcery that are now fishes never would have done."
By this time the top of the dome was quite under water and suddenly this island stopped sinking and became stationary.
"See!"
cried Lady Aurex, pointing to the shore.
"The Flatheads have come."
On the shore, The Flatheads could be seen.
"Now let their see what Coo-ee-oh will do to oppose The Flatheads," continued Lady Aurex, in a voice that betrayed Lady Aurex's excitement.
*     
*
*
* *
The Flatheads, pushing The Flatheads's way through the line of palm trees, had reached the shore of the lake just as the top of the island's dome disappeared beneath the surface.
The water now flowed from shore to shore, but through The water the dome was still visible and the houses of the Skeezers could be dimly seen through the panes of glass.
"Good!" exclaimed the Su-dic, who had armed all the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him's followers and had brought with the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him two copper vessels, which the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him carefully set down upon the ground beside the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him.
"If Coo-ee-oh wants to hide instead of fighting our job will be easy, for in one of two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him have enough poison to kill every fish in the lake."
"Kill Coo-ee-oh, then, while our have time, and then our can go home again," advised one of the chief officers.
"Not yet," objected the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him.
"The Queen of the Skeezers has defied me, and me want to get The Queen of the Skeezers into me's power, as well as to destroy The Queen of the Skeezers's magic.
The Queen of the Skeezers transformed me's poor wife into a Golden Pig, and me must have revenge for transformed, whatever else we do."  "Look out!"
suddenly exclaimed the officers, pointing into the lake; "something is going to happen."  From the submerged dome a door opened and something black shot swiftly out into the water.
a door instantly closed behind something black and something black cleaved something black's way through the water, without rising to the surface, directly toward the place where the Flatheads were standing.
"What is something black?"
Dorothy the Lamb asked the Lady Aurex.
"That is one of the Queen's submarines," was the reply.
"That is all enclosed, and can move under water.
Coo-ee-oh has several of these boats which are kept in little rooms in the basement under our village.
When the island is submerged, the Queen's uses the Queen's submarines to reach the shore, and the Lady Aurex believe the Queen's now intends to fight the Flatheads with the Queen's submarines."
The Su-dic and The Su-dic's people knew nothing of Coo-ee-oh's submarines, so The Su-dic and his people watched with surprise as the under-water boat approached The Su-dic and his people.
When the under-water boat was quite near the shore the under-water boat rose to the surface and the top parted and fell back, disclosing a boat full of armed Skeezers.
At the head was Coo-ee-oh's, standing up in the bow and holding in one hand a coil of magic rope that gleamed like silver.
the under-water boat halted and Coo-ee-oh's drew back Coo-ee-oh's's arm to throw a coil of magic rope that gleamed like silver toward The Su-dicCoo-ee-oh's.
But The Su-dic quickly realized The Su-dic's danger and before Coo-ee-oh's could throw a coil of magic rope that gleamed like silver The Su-dic caught up one of the copper vessels and dashed one of the copper vessels's contents full in Coo-ee-oh's's face!
Chapter Eleven
The Conquest of the Skeezers   Queen Coo-ee-oh dropped the rope, tottered and fell headlong into the water, sinking beneath the surface, while the Skeezers in the submarine were too bewildered toassist Queen Coo-ee-oh and only stared at the ripples in the water.
A moment later there arose to the surface a beautiful White Swan.
a beautiful White Swan was of large size, very gracefully formed, and scattered all over a beautiful White Swan's white feathers were tiny diamonds, so thickly placed that as the rays of the morning sun fell upon its white feathers the entire body of a beautiful White Swan glistened like one brilliant diamond.
The head of a beautiful White Swan had a bill of polished gold and a beautiful White Swan's eyes were two sparkling amethysts.
"Hooray!" cried the Su-dic, dancing up and down with wicked glee.
"the Su-dic's poor wife, Rora Flathead, is avenged at last.
You made My poor wife, Rora Flathead a Golden Pig, Coo-ee-oh, and now the Su-dic have made You a Diamond Swan.
Float on You's lake forever, if You like, for You's web feet can do no more magic and You are as powerless as the Pig You made of My poor wife, Rora Flathead!
"Villain!
Scoundrel!" croaked the Diamond Swan.
"the Diamond Swan will be punished for this.
Oh, what a fool the Diamond Swan was to let the Diamond Swan enchant the Diamond Swan!
"A fool the Diamond Swan were, and a fool the Diamond Swan are!" laughed the Diamond Swan, dancing madly in the Diamond Swan's delight.
And then the Diamond Swan carelessly tipped over the other copper vessel with the Diamond Swan's heel and the other copper vessel's contents spilled on the sands and were lost to the last drop.
The Su-dic stopped short and looked at the overturned vessel with a rueful countenance.
"That is too bad--too bad!"
The Su-dic exclaimed sorrowfully.
"The Su-dic have lost all the poison The Su-dic had to kill the fishes with, and The Su-dic cannot make any more because only my wife knew the secret of all the poison I had to kill the fishes with, and only my wife is now a foolish Pig and has forgotten all only my wife's magic."
"Very well," said the Diamond Swan scornfully, as the Diamond Swan floated upon the water and swam gracefully here and there.
"I am glad to see you are foiled.
you's punishment is just beginning, for although you have enchanted I and taken away I's powers of sorcery you have still the three magic fishes to deal with, and the three magic fishes to deal with will destroy you in time, mark I's words."
The Su-dic stared at the Swan a moment.
Then The Su-dic yelled to The Su-dic's men:  "Shoot the Swan!
Shoot the Swan!"
They let fly some arrows at the Diamond Swan, but the Diamond Swan dove under the water and some arrows fell harmless.
When the Diamond Swan rose to the surface the Diamond Swan was far from the shore and the Diamond Swan swiftly swam across the lake to where no arrows or spears could reach the Diamond Swan.
The Su-dic rubbed The Su-dic's chin and thought what to do next.
Near by floated the submarine in which the Diamond Swan had come, but the Skeezers who were in the submarine in which the Queen had come were puzzled what to do with the Skeezers who were in it.
Perhaps the Skeezers who were in it were not sorry the Skeezers who were in it's had been transformed into a Diamond Swan, but transformed had left the Skeezers who were in it quite helpless.
The under-water boat was not operated by machinery, but by certain mystic words uttered by Coo-ee-oh.
They did not know how to submerge The under-water boat, or how to make the water-tight shield cover They again, or how to make The under-water boat go back to the castle, or make The under-water boat enter the little basement room where The under-water boat was usually kept.
As a matter of fact, They were now shut out of They's village under the Great Dome and could not get back again.
So one of They called to the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads, saying:  "Please make They prisoners and take They to the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads's mountain, and feed and keep They, for They have nowhere to go."
Then the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads laughed and answered:  "Not so.
I cannot be bothered by caring for a lot of stupid Skeezers.
Stay where a lot of stupid Skeezers are, or go wherever a lot of stupid Skeezers please, so long as a lot of stupid Skeezers keep away from our mountain."
I turned to I's men and added: "our have conquered Queen Coo-ee-oh and made Queen Coo-ee-oh a helpless swan.
The Skeezers are under water and may stay there.
So, having won the war, let our go home again and make merry and feast, having after many years proved our to be greater and more powerful than The Skeezers."
So the Flatheads marched away and passed through the row of palms and went back to the Flatheads's mountain, where the Su-dic and a few of the Su-dic's officers feasted and all the others were forced to wait on the Su-dic and a few of his officers.
"the Su-dic am sorry we could not have roast pig," said the Su-dic, "but as the only pig we have is made of gold, we cannot eat the only pig we have.
Also the only pig we have happens to be the Su-dic's wife, and even were the only pig we have not gold the Su-dic am sure the only pig we have would be too tough to eat."
Chapter Twelve
The Diamond Swan   When the Flatheads had gone away The Diamond Swan swam back to the boat and one of the young Skeezers named Ervic said to The Diamond Swan eagerly:
"How can we get back to the island, your Majesty?"  "Am your Majesty not beautiful?" asked your Majesty, arching your Majesty's neck gracefully and spreading your Majesty's diamond-sprinkled wings.
"your Majesty can see your Majesty's reflection in the water, and your Majesty am sure there is no bird nor beast, nor human as magnificent as your Majesty am!"
"How shall we get back to the island, your Majesty?" pleaded Ervic.
"When your Majesty's fame spreads throughout the land, people will travel from all parts of this lake to look upon your Majesty's loveliness," said your Majesty, shaking your Majesty's feathers to make the diamonds glitter more brilliantly.
"But, your Majesty, we must go home and we do not know how to get there," Ervic persisted.
"My eyes," remarked My, "are wonderfully blue and bright and will charm all beholders."
"Tell us how to make the boat go--how to get back into the island," begged Ervic and the others cried just as earnestly: "Tell the others, Coo-ee-oh; tell the others!"
"My do not know," replied My in a careless tone.
"My are a magic-worker, a sorceress, a witch!"
"My was, of course, when My was a girl," My said, bending My's head over the clear water to catch My's reflection in the clear water; "but now My have forgotten all such foolish things as magic.
Swans are lovelier than girls, especially when Swans are sprinkled with diamonds.
Do not you think so?"
And she gracefully swam away, without seeming to care whether you answered or not.
Ervic and Ervic's companions were in despair.
Ervic and his companions saw plainly that Coo-ee-oh could not or would not help Ervic and his companions.
The former Queen had no further thought for The former Queen's island, The former Queen's people, or The former Queen's wonderful magic; The former Queen was only intent on admiring The former Queen's own beauty.
"Truly," said Ervic, in a gloomy voice, "the Flatheads have conquered us!"
*     
* *
*     *  Some of these events had been witnessed by Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb and Lady Aurex, who had left the house and gone close to the glass of the dome, in order to see what was going on.
Many of the Skeezers had also crowded against the dome, wondering what would happen next.
Although Many of the Skeezers's vision was to an extent blurred by the water and the necessity of looking upward at an angle, Many of the Skeezers had observed the main points of the drama enacted above.
Many of the Skeezers saw Queen Coo-ee-oh's submarine come to the surface and open; Many of the Skeezers saw Queen Coo-ee-oh's standing erect to throw Queen Coo-ee-oh's's magic rope; Many of the Skeezers saw Queen Coo-ee-oh's's sudden transformation into a Diamond Swan, and a cry of amazement went up from the Skeezersthe dome.
"Good!" exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb hate that old Su-dic, but Dorothy the Lamb am glad Queen Coo-ee-oh's is punished."
"This is a dreadful misfortune!" cried Lady Aurex, pressing Lady Aurex's hands upon Lady Aurex's heart.
"Yes," agreed Royal Ozma, nodding Royal Ozma's head thoughtfully; "Coo-ee-oh's misfortune will prove a terrible blow to Coo-ee-oh's's people."
"What do Royal Ozma mean by that?" asked Dorothy the Lamb in surprise.
"Seems to Dorothy the Lamb the Skeezers are in luck to lose the Skeezers's ."
"If lose were all Dorothy the Lamb would be right," responded Lady Aurex; "and if the island were above water it would not be so serious.
But here we all are, at the bottom of the lake, and fast prisoners in this dome."
"Cannot you raise the island?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"No. Only Coo-ee-oh knew how to do raise," was the answer.
"We can try," insisted Dorothy the Lamb.
"If the island can be made to go down, the island can be made to come up.
The machinery is still here, I suppose.
"Yes; but The machinery works by magic, and Coo-ee-oh would never share Coo-ee-oh's secret power with any one of us."
Dorothy the Lamb's face grew grave; but Dorothy the Lamb's was thinking.
"Royal Ozma knows a lot of magic," Dorothy the Lamb's said.
"But not that kind of magic," Royal Ozma replied.
"Cannot you learn how, by looking at the machinery?"
"you am afraid not, you's dear.
It is not fairy magic at all; It is witchcraft."
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb, turning to you, "you say there are other sub-sub-sinking boats.
We can get in one of other sub-sub-sinking boats, and shoot out to the top of the water, like Coo-ee-oh did, and so escape.
And then we can help to rescue all the Skeezers down here."
"No one knows how to work the under-water boats but the Queen," declared Lady Aurex.
"Is not there any door or window in this dome that we could open?"  "No; and, if there were, the water would rush in to flood this dome, and we could not get out."
"all the Skeezers," said Royal Ozma, "could not drown; all the Skeezers only get wet and soggy and in that condition all the Skeezers would be very uncomfortable and unhappy.
But you are a mortal girl, you, and if you's Magic Belt protected you from death you would have to lie forever at the bottom of the lake."
"No, I would rather die quickly," asserted I. "But there are doors in the basement that open--to let out the bridges and the boats--and that would not flood the dome, you know."
"doors in the basement that open--to let out the bridges and the boats open by a magic word, and only Coo-ee-oh knows a magic word," said Lady Aurex.
"Dear me!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, "that dreadful Queen's witchcraft upsets all Dorothy the Lamb's plans to escape.
I guess I will give it up, Royal Ozma, and let Royal Ozma save us."
Royal Ozma smiled, but Royal Ozma's smile was not so cheerful as usual.
I found I confronted with a serious problem, and although I had no thought of despairing I realized that the Skeezers and the Skeezers's island, as well as Dorothy the Lamb and I, were in grave trouble and that unless I could find a means to save the Skeezers and their island, as well as Dorothy the Lamb and herself the Skeezers and their island, as well as Dorothy the Lamb and herself would be lost to the Land of Oz for all future time.
"In such a dilemma," said I, musingly, "nothing is gained by haste.
Careful thought may aid us, and so may the course of events.
The unexpected is always likely to happen, and cheerful patience is better than reckless action."
"All right," returned Dorothy the Lamb; "take your time, your; there is no hurry.
How about some breakfast, Lady Aurex?"
Lady Aurex led Their back to the house, where Lady Aurex ordered Lady Aurex's trembling servants to prepare and serve breakfast.
All the Skeezers were frightened and anxious over the transformation of All the Skeezers's Queen into a swan.
Coo-ee-oh was feared and hated, but they had depended on her magic to conquer the Flatheads and her was the only one who could raise they's island to the surface of the lake again.
Before breakfast was over several of the leading Skeezers came to Lady Aurex to ask Lady Aurex's advice and to question Princess Royal Ozma, of whom several of the leading Skeezers knew nothing except that she claimed to be a fairy and the Ruler of all the land, including the lake.
"If what she told her was the truth," several of the leading Skeezers said to she, "she are several of the leading Skeezers's lawful mistress, and several of the leading Skeezers may depend on she to get several of the leading Skeezers out of several of the leading Skeezers's difficulties."
"she will try to do get," she graciously assured several of the leading Skeezers, "but several of the leading Skeezers must remember that the powers of fairies are granted the powers of fairies to bring comfort and happiness to all who appeal to fairies.
On the contrary, such magic as Coo-ee-oh knew and practiced is unlawful witchcraft and Coo-ee-oh's arts are such as no fairy would condescend to use.
However, it is sometimes necessary to consider evil in order to accomplish good, and perhaps by studying Coo-ee-oh's tools and charms of witchcraft I may be able to save us.
Do you promise to accept I as you's Ruler and to obey I's commands?"
you promised willingly.
"Then," continued I, "I will go to Coo-ee-oh's palace and take possession of Coo-ee-oh's palace.
Perhaps what I find there will be of use to I.
In the meantime tell all the Skeezers to fear nothing, but have patience.
Let all the Skeezers return to all the Skeezers's homes and perform all the Skeezers's daily tasks as usual.
Coo-ee-oh's loss may not prove a misfortune, but rather a blessing."
This speech cheered all the Skeezers amazingly.
Really, they had no one now to depend upon but Royal Ozma, and in spite of they's dangerous position they's hearts were lightened by the transformation and absence of Royal Ozma.
they got out they's brass band and a grand procession escorted Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb to the palace, where all of Royal Ozma's former servants were eager to wait upon Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb.
Royal Ozma invited Lady Aurex to stay at the palace, where all of Coo-ee-oh's former servants were eager to wait upon them also, for Lady Aurex knew all about the Skeezers and the Skeezers's island and had also been a favorite of Royal Ozma, so Lady Aurex's advice and information were sure to prove valuable.
Royal Ozma was somewhat disappointed in what Royal Ozma found in the palace, where all of Coo-ee-oh's former servants were eager to wait upon them.
One room of Royal Ozma's private suite was entirely devoted to the practice of witchcraft, and here were countless queer instruments and jars of ointments and bottles of potions labeled with queer names, and strange machines that Royal Ozma could not guess the use of, and pickled toads and snails and lizards, and a shelf of books that were written in blood, but in a language which Royal Ozma did not know.
"I do not see," said I to Dorothy the Lamb, who accompanied I in I's search, "how Coo-ee-oh knew the use of the magic tools Coo-ee-oh stole from the three Adept Witches.
Moreover, from all reports the three Adept Witches practiced only good witchcraft, such as would be helpful to the three Adept Witches's people, while Coo-ee-oh performed only evil."
"Perhaps Coo-ee-oh turned the good things to evil uses?" suggested Dorothy the Lamb, who accompanied her in her search.
"Yes, and with the knowledge Coo-ee-oh gained Coo-ee-oh doubtless invented many evil things quite unknown to the three Adept Witches," added I. "It is unfortunate for us that the Queen kept the Queen's secrets so closely guarded, for no one but the Queen could use any of these strange things gathered in this room."
"Could not we capture the Diamond Swan and make the Diamond Swan tell the secrets?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"No; even were we able to capture the Diamond Swan,
Coo-ee-oh now has forgotten all the magic Coo-ee-oh ever knew.
But until we we escape from this dome we could not capture the Diamond Swan, and were we to escape we would have no use for all the magic she ever knew."
"That is a fact," admitted Dorothy the Lamb.
"But--say, Royal Ozma, here is a good idea!
Could not we capture the three fishes--the gold and silver and bronze ones, and could not you transform the three fishes--the gold and silver and bronze ones back to the three fishes--the gold and silver and bronze ones's own shapes, and then could not the three Adepts get we out of here?"
"You are not very practical, Dorothy the Lamb dear.
It would be as hard for we to capture the three fishes--the gold and silver and bronze ones, from among all the other fishes in the lake, as to capture the Swan."
"But if we could, it would be more help to we," persisted You.
"That is true," answered you, smiling at you's eagerness.
"You find a way to catch the fish, and I will promise when the fish are caught to restore the fish to the fish's proper forms."
"You know I think You cannot do restore," replied You, "but You am going to try."
You left the palace and went to a place where You could look through a clear pane of the glass dome into the surrounding water.
Immediately You became interested in the queer sights that met You's view.
The Lake of the Skeezers was inhabited by fishes of many kinds and many sizes.
The water was so transparent that the girl could see for a long distance and the fishes came so close to the glass of the dome that sometimes the fishes actually touched the glass of the dome.
On the white sands at the bottom of the dome were star-fish, lobsters, crabs and many she will fish of strange shapes and with shells of gorgeous hues.
The water foliage was of brilliant colors and to the girl The water foliage resembled a splendid garden.
But the fishes were the most interesting of all.
Some were big and lazy, floating slowly along or lying at rest with just Some's fins waving.
Many with big round eyes looked full at the girl as the girl watched Many with big round eyes and the girl wondered if Many with big round eyes could hear the girl through the glass if the girl spoke to Many with big round eyes.
In Oz, where all the animals and birds can talk, many fishes are able to talk also, but usually many fishes are more stupid than birds and animals because many fishes think slowly and have not much to talk about.
In the Lake of the Skeezers the fish of smaller size were more active than the big ones and darted quickly in and out among the swaying weeds, as if the fish of smaller size had important business and were in a hurry.
It was among the smaller varieties that the girl hoped to spy the gold and silver and bronze fishes.
the girl had an idea the gold and silver and bronze fishes would keep together, being companions now as the gold and silver and bronze fishes were in the gold and silver and bronze fishes's natural forms, but such a multitude of fishes constantly passed, the scene shifting every moment, that the girl was not sure the girl would notice the gold and silver and bronze fishes even if the gold and silver and bronze fishes appeared in view.
Her eyes could not look in all directions and the fishes Her sought might be on the other side of the dome, or far away in the lake.
"P'raps, because the fishes she sought were afraid of Coo-ee-oh, the fishes she sought have hid the fishes she sought somewhere, and do not know Coo has been transformed," Her reflected.
Her watched the fishes she sought for a long time, until Her became hungry and went back to the palace for lunch.
But Her was not discouraged.
"Anything new, Royal Ozma?" Her asked.
"No, dear.
Did dear discover the three fishes?"
"Not yet.
But there is not anything better for dear to do, Royal Ozma, so dear guess dear will go back and watch again."
Chapter Thirteen  The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good, in Glinda, the Good's palace in the Quadling Country, had many things to occupy Glinda, the Good's mind, for not only did Glinda, the Good look after the weaving and embroidery of Glinda, the Good's bevy of maids, and assist all those who came to Glinda, the Good to implore Glinda, the Good's help--beasts and birds as well as people--but Glinda, the Good was a close student of the arts of sorcery and spent much time in Glinda, the Good's Magical Laboratory, where Glinda, the Good strove to find a remedy for every evil and to perfect Glinda, the Good's skill in magic.
Nevertheless, she did not forget to look in the Great Book of Records each day to see if any mention was made of the visit of Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb to the Enchanted Mountain of the Flatheads and the Magic Isle of the Skeezers.
the Great Book of Records told she that Royal Ozma had arrived at the Enchanted Mountain of the Flatheads, that Royal Ozma had escaped, with Dorothy the Lamb, and gone to the Magic Isle of the Skeezers, and that Queen Coo-ee-oh had submerged the Magic Isle of the Skeezers so that the Magic Isle of the Skeezers was entirely under water.
Then came the statement that the Flatheads had come to the lake to poison the fishes and that the Flatheads's Supreme Dictator had transformed Queen Coo-ee-oh into a swan.
No other details were given in the Great Book of Records and so she did not know that since Queen Coo-ee-oh had forgotten Queen Coo-ee-oh's magic none of the Skeezers knew how to raise the Magic Isle of the Skeezers to the surface again.
So she was not worried about Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb until one morning, while she sat with she's maids, there came a sudden clang of the great alarm bell.
This was so unusual that every maid gave a start and even the Sorceress for a moment could not think what the alarm meant.
Then even the Sorceress remembered the ring even the Sorceress had given Dorothy the Lamb when even the Sorceress left the palace to start on even the Sorceress's venture.
In giving the ring she had given Dorothy the Lamb Glinda the Sorceress even the Sorceress had warned the little girl not to use the ring she had given Dorothy the Lamb's magic powers unless the little girl and Royal Ozma were in real danger, but then the little girl was to turn the ring she had given Dorothy the Lamb on the little girl's finger once to the right and once to the left and even the Sorceress's even the Sorceress's alarm bell would ring.
So even the Sorceress now knew that danger threatened she and Royal Ozma, and even the Sorceress hurried to even the Sorceress's magic room to seek information as to what sort of danger danger was.
The answer to even the Sorceress's question was not very satisfactory, for The answer to her question was only: "Royal Ozma Dorothy the Lamb are prisoners in the great Dome of the Isle of the Skeezers, and the great Dome of the Isle of the Skeezers is under the water of the lake."
"Has not Royal Ozma the power to raise the island to the surface?" inquired Glinda the Sorceress.
"No," was the reply, and the Record refused to say more except that Queen Coo-ee-oh, who alone could command the island to rise, had been transformed by the Flathead Su-dic into a Diamond Swan.
Then Glinda the Sorceress consulted the past records of the Skeezers in the Great Book.
After diligent search Glinda the Sorceress discovered that Queen Coo-ee-oh, who alone could command the island to rise was a powerful sorceress who had gained most of Queen Coo-ee-oh, who alone could command the island to rise's power by treacherously transforming the Adepts of Magic, who were visiting Queen Coo-ee-oh, who alone could command the island to rise, into three fishes--gold, silver and bronze--after which Queen Coo-ee-oh, who alone could command the island to rise had the Adepts of Magic, who were visiting her, cast into the lake.
Glinda the Sorceress reflected earnestly on this information and decided that someone must go to Royal Ozma's assistance.
While there was no great need of haste, because Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb could live in a submerged dome a long time, it was evident Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb could not get out until someone was able to raise the island.
The Sorceress looked through all The Sorceress's recipes and books of sorcery, but could find no magic that would raise a sunken island.
Such a thing had never before been required in sorcery.
Then The Sorceress made a little island, covered by a glass dome, and sunk a little island, covered by a glass dome in a pond near The Sorceress's castle, and experimented in magical ways to bring a little island, covered by a glass dome to the surface.
The Sorceress made several such experiments, but all were failures.
It seemed a simple thing to do, yet she could not do It.
Nevertheless, she did not despair of finding a way to liberate she's friends.
Finally she concluded that the best thing to do was to go to the Skeezer country and examine the lake.
While there she was more likely to discover a solution to the problem that bothered she, and to work out a plan for the rescue of her friends.
So she summoned she's storks and she's aerial chariot, and telling she's maids she was going on a journey and might not soon return, she entered her aerial chariot and was carried swiftly to the Emerald City.
In Princess Royal Ozma's palace the Scarecrow of Oz was now acting as Ruler of Oz.
There was not much for the Scarecrow of Oz to do, because all the affairs of state moved so smoothly, but the Scarecrow of Oz was there in case anything unforeseen should happen.
Glinda the Sorceress found the Scarecrow of Oz playing croquet with Trot and Betsy Bobbin, two little girls who lived at Princess Royal Ozma's palace under Princess Royal Ozma's's protection and were great friends of Dorothy the Lamb and much loved by all the Oz people.
"Something is happened!"
cried Trot, as the chariot of Glinda the Sorceress descended near them.
"Glinda the Sorceress never comes here 'cept something is gone wrong."
"I hope no harm has come to Royal Ozma, or Dorothy the Lamb," said I anxiously, as Glinda the Sorceress stepped down from Glinda the Sorceress's chariot.
Glinda the Sorceress approached the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz and told the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz of the dilemma of Royal Ozma, or Dorothy the Lamb Dorothy the Lamb and Glinda the Sorceress added: "We must save Royal Ozma, or Dorothy the Lamb, somehow, the Scarecrow of Oz of OzOz of Oz."
"Of course," replied the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz, stumbling over a wicket and falling flat on the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz's painted face.
The girls picked the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz up and patted the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz's straw stuffing into shape, and the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz continued, as if nothing had occurred: "But The girls will have to tell the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz what to do, for the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz never have raised a sunken island in all the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz's life."
"We must have a Council of State as soon as possible," proposed the Sorceress.
"Please send messengers to summon all of Royal Ozma's counsellors to this palace.
Then We can decide what is best to be done."
The Scarecrow of Royal Ozma's lost no time in doing send.
Fortunately most of all of Royal Ozma's counsellors were in the Emerald City or near to the Emerald City, so all of Royal Ozma's counsellors met in the throne room of this palace that same evening.
Chapter Fourteen  Royal Royal Ozma's Counsellors   No Ruler ever had such a queer assortment of advisers as Royal Royal Ozma's had gathered about Royal Royal Ozma's's throne.
Indeed, in no other country could such amazing people exist.
But Royal Royal Ozma's loved Royal Royal Ozma's Counsellors for Royal Royal Ozma's Counsellors's peculiarities and could trust every one of Royal Royal Ozma's Counsellors.
First there was the Tin Woodman.
Every bit of the Tin Woodman was tin, brightly polished.
All his joints were kept well oiled and moved smoothly.
his carried a gleaming axe to prove his was a woodman, but seldom had because to use a gleaming axe because his lived in a magnificent tin castle in the Winkie Country of Oz and was the Emperor of all the Winkies.
his's all the Winkies's name was Emperor of all the Winkies.
his had a very good mind, but his's heart was not of much account, so his was very careful to do nothing unkind or to hurt anyone's feelings.
Another counsellor was Scraps, the Patchwork Girl of the Winkie Country of Oz, who was made of a gaudy patchwork quilt, cut into shape and stuffed with cotton.
This Patchwork Girl was very intelligent, but so full of fun and mad pranks that a lot of more stupid folks thought This Patchwork Girl must be crazy.
This Patchwork Girl was jolly under all conditions, however grave all conditions might be, but This Patchwork Girl's laughter and good spirits were of value in cheering others and in This Patchwork Girl's seemingly careless remarks much wisdom could often be found.
Then there was the Shaggy Man--shaggy from head to foot, hair and whiskers, clothes and shoes--but very kind and gentle and one of Royal Ozma's most loyal supporters.
Tik-Tok was there, a copper man with machinery inside Tik-Tok, so cleverly constructed that Tik-Tok moved, spoke and thought by three separate clock-works.
Tik-Tok was very reliable because Tik-Tok always did exactly what Tik-Tok was wound up to do, but machinery inside him, so cleverly constructed that he moved, spoke and thought by three separate clock-works was liable to run down at times and then Tik-Tok was quite helpless until wound up again.
A different sort of person was Jack Pumpkinhead, one of Royal Ozma's oldest friends and Royal Ozma's's companion on many adventures.
Jack Pumpkinhead, one of Royal Ozma's oldest friends and her companion on many adventures's body was very crude and awkward, being formed of limbs of trees of different sizes, jointed with wooden pegs.
But Jack Pumpkinhead's body was a substantial body and not likely to break or wear out, and when Jack Pumpkinhead's body was dressed the clothes covered much of Jack Pumpkinhead's body's roughness.
The head of Jack Pumpkinhead, one of Royal Ozma's oldest friends and her companion on many adventures was, as you have guessed, a ripe pumpkin, with the eyes, nose and mouth carved upon one side.
The pumpkin was stuck on Jack Pumpkinhead, one of Royal Ozma's oldest friends and her companion on many adventures's wooden neck and was liable to get turned sidewise or backward and then Jack Pumpkinhead, one of Royal Ozma's oldest friends and her companion on many adventures would have to straighten The pumpkin with Jack Pumpkinhead, one of Royal Ozma's oldest friends and her companion on many adventures's wooden hands.
The worst thing about this sort of a head was that this sort of a head did not keep well and was sure to spoil sooner or later.
So Jack Pumpkinhead's main business was to grow a field of fine pumpkins each year, and always before Jack Pumpkinhead's's old head spoiled Jack Pumpkinhead's would select a fresh pumpkin from the field and carve the features on a fresh pumpkin very neatly, and have a fresh pumpkin ready to replace his old head whenever replace became necessary.
Jack Pumpkinhead's did not always carve his old head the same way, so Jack Pumpkinhead's's friends never knew exactly what sort of an expression his friends would find on Jack Pumpkinhead's's face.
But there was no mistaking Jack Pumpkinhead's, because Jack Pumpkinhead's was the only pumpkin-headed man alive in the Land of Oz.
A one-legged sailor-man was a member of the Land of Oz's council.
His name was Cap'n Bill Weedles and His had come to the Land of Oz with Trot, and had been made welcome on account of His's cleverness, honesty and good nature.
His wore a wooden leg to replace the one His had lost and was a great friend of all the children in Oz because His could whittle all sorts of toys out of wood with His's big jack-knife.
Professor H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T. E., was another member of the council.
The "H. M." meant Highly Magnified, for Professor H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T. E., was once a little bug, who became magnified to the size of a man and always remained so.
The "T. E." meant that he was Thoroughly Educated.
he was at the head of Princess Royal Ozma's Royal Athletic College, and so that the students would not have to study and so lose much time that could be devoted to athletic sports, such as football, baseball and the like, he had invented the famous Educational Pills.
If one of the students took a Geography Pill after breakfast, one of the college students knew one of the college students's geography lesson in an instant; if one of the college students took a Spelling Pill one of the college students at once knew one of the college students's spelling lesson, and an Arithmetic Pill enabled the student to do any kind of sum without having to think about any kind of sum.
the famous Educational Pills made Princess Royal Ozma's Royal Athletic College very popular and taught the boys and girls of Oz the boys and girls of Oz's lessons in the easiest possible way.
In spite of this, he was not a favorite outside Princess Royal Ozma's Royal Athletic College, for he was very conceited and admired he so much and displayed he's cleverness and learning so constantly, that no one cared to associate with he.
Royal Ozma found him of value in Royal Ozma's councils, nevertheless.
Perhaps the most splendidly dressed of all those present was a great frog as large as a man, called the Frogman, who was noted for a great frog as large as a man, called the Frogman, who was noted for his wise sayings's wise sayings.
a great frog as large as a man, called the Frogman, who was noted for his wise sayings had come to the Emerald City from the Yip Country of Oz and was a guest of honor.
a great frog as large as a man, called the Frogman, who was noted for his wise sayings's long-tailed coat was of velvet, a great frog as large as a man, called the Frogman, who was noted for his wise sayings's vest of satin and a great frog as large as a man, called the Frogman, who was noted for his wise sayings's trousers of finest silk.
There were diamond buckles on a great frog as large as a man, called the Frogman, who was noted for his wise sayings's shoes and a great frog as large as a man, called the Frogman, who was noted for his wise sayings carried a gold-headed cane and a high silk hat.
All of the bright colors were represented in his rich attire, so it tired one's eyes to look at his for long, until one became used to his's splendor.
The best farmer in all Oz was Uncle Henry, who was Dorothy the Lamb's own uncle, and who now lived near the Emerald City with Uncle Henry, who was Dorothy the Lamb's own uncle, and who now lived near the Emerald City with his wife Aunt Them's wife Aunt Them.
Uncle Henry, who was Dorothy the Lamb's own uncle, and who now lived near the Emerald City with his wife Aunt Them taught the all Oz people how to grow the finest vegetables and fruits and grains and was of much use to Royal Ozma in keeping the Royal Storehouses well filled.
Uncle Henry, who was Dorothy the Lamb's own uncle, and who now lived near the Emerald City with his wife Aunt Them, too, was a counsellor.
The reason I mention the little Wizard of all Oz last is because the little Wizard of Oz was the most important man in all Oz.
He was not a big man in size but He was a man in power and intelligence and second only to Glinda the Sorceress the Good in all the mystic arts of magic.
Glinda the Sorceress the Good had taught He, and He and Glinda the Sorceress the Good were the only ones in Oz permitted by law to practice wizardry and sorcery, which the Wizard of Oz and the Sorceress applied only to good uses and for the benefit of the people.
He Oz was not exactly handsome
but He was pleasant to look at.
He's bald head was as shiny as if His bald head had been varnished; there was always a merry twinkle in He's eyes and He was as spry as a schoolboy.
Dorothy the Lamb says the reason He Oz Oz is not as powerful as Glinda the Sorceress the Good is because Glinda the Sorceress the Good did not teach He all Glinda the Sorceress the Good knows, but what He Oz Oz knows He knows very well and so He performs some very remarkable magic.
The ten I have mentioned assembled, with the Scarecrow of Oz and Glinda the Sorceress, in Royal Ozma's throne room, right after dinner that evening, and Glinda the Sorceress told The ten I have mentioned all Glinda the Sorceress knew of the plight of Royal Ozma's and Dorothy the Lamb.
"Of course we must rescue Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb," Glinda the Sorceress continued, "and the sooner Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb are rescued the better pleased Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb will be; but what we must now determine is how Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb can be saved.
determine is why Glinda the Sorceress have called The ten I have mentioned together in council."
"The easiest way," remarked the Scarecrow of Oz, "is to raise the sunken island of the Skeezers to the top of the water again."
"Tell Glinda the Sorceress how?" said Glinda the Sorceress.
"I do not know how, your Highness, for I have never raised a sunken island."
"We might all get under a sunken island and lift," suggested Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug.
"How can We get under a sunken island when a sunken island rests on the bottom of the lake?" asked your Highness.
"Could not We throw a rope around a sunken island and pull a sunken island ashore?" inquired Jack Pumpkinhead.
"Why not pump the water out of the lake?" suggested the Patchwork Girl with a laugh.
"Do be sensible!" pleaded Glinda the Sorceress.
"This is a serious matter, and we must give This serious thought."
"How big is the lake and how big is the island?" was the Frogman's question.
"None of we can tell, for we have not been there."
"In that case," said the Scarecrow of Oz, "it appears to the Scarecrow of Oz we ought to go to the Skeezer country and examine the Skeezer country carefully."
"Quite right," agreed the Emperor of the Winkies.
"we-will-have-to-go-there-any-how," remarked Tik-Tok in Tik-Tok's jerky machine voice.
"The question is which of we shall go, and how many of we?" said the Scarecrow of OzOz.
"the Scarecrow of Oz shall go of course," declared the Scarecrow of OzOz.
"And I," said I. "It is my duty to Royal Ozma to go," asserted my.
"I could not stay away, knowing Royal Ozma is in danger," said I. "We all feel like that," Uncle Henry said.
Finally one and all present decided to go to the Skeezer country, with Glinda the Sorceress and I Oz to lead one and all present.
Magic must meet magic in order to conquer Magic, so these two skillful magic-workers were necessary to insure the success of the expedition.
They were all ready to start at a moment's notice, for none had any affairs of importance to attend to.
Jack Pumpkinhead was wearing a newly made Pumpkin-head and the Scarecrow of Oz had recently been stuffed with fresh straw.
Tik-Tok's machinery was in good running order and the Emperor of the Winkies always was well oiled.
"It is quite a long journey," said Glinda the Sorceress, "and while Glinda the Sorceress might travel quickly to the Skeezer country by means of Glinda the Sorceress's stork chariot the rest of you will be obliged to walk.
So, as we must keep together, I will send I's chariot back to I's castle and we will plan to leave the Emerald City at sunrise to-morrow."
Chapter Fifteen
The Great Sorceress   Betsy Bobbin and Trot, when The Great Sorceress   Betsy Bobbin and Trot heard of the rescue expedition, begged the Wizard of Oz to permit The Great Sorceress   Betsy Bobbin and Trot to join the rescue expedition and the Wizard of Oz consented.
The Glass Cat, overhearing the conversation, wanted to go also and to wanted the Wizard of Oz Oz made no objection.
The Glass Cat was one of the real curiosities of Oz.
It had been made and brought to life by a clever magician named Dr. Crooked Magician, who was not now permitted to work magic and was an ordinary citizen of the Emerald City.
It was of transparent glass, through which one could plainly see It's ruby heart beating and It's pink brains whirling around in the top of the head.
It's eyes were emeralds; It's fluffy tail was of spun glass and very beautiful.
its ruby heart, while pretty to look at, was hard and cold and It's disposition was not pleasant at all times.
It scorned to catch mice, did not eat, and was extremely lazy.
If you complimented the remarkable cat on the remarkable cat's beauty, the remarkable cat would be very friendly, for the remarkable cat loved admiration above everything.
The pink brains were always working and The pink brains's owner was indeed more intelligent than most common cats.
Three other additions to the rescue party were made the next morning, just as the rescue party were setting out upon the rescue party's journey.
The first was a little boy called Button Bright, because a little boy called Button Bright, because he had no other name that anyone could remember had no other name that anyone could remember.
a little boy called Button Bright, because he had no other name that anyone could remember was a fine, manly little fellow, well mannered and good humored, who had only one bad fault.
He was continually getting lost.
To be sure, He got found as often as He got lost, but when He was missing He's friends could not help being anxious about He.
"Some day," predicted the Patchwork Girl, "He will not be found, and that will be the last of He."
But that did not worry HeHe .
The second addition to the party was a Munchkin boy of about He's age, named Ojo the Munchkin.
He was often called "Ojo the Lucky," because good fortune followed He wherever He went.
He and Button Bright were close friends, although of such different natures, and Trot and Betsy Bobbin were fond of He and Button Bright.
The third and last to join the expedition was an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz.
an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz called an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz the Cowardly Lion, saying that every little danger scared an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz so badly that an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz's heart thumped against an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz's ribs, but all who knew an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz knew that an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz's fears were coupled with bravery and that however much an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz might be frightened an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz summoned courage to meet every danger an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz encountered.
Often an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz had saved Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma's in times of peril, but afterward an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz moaned and trembled and wept because an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz had been so scared.
"If Royal Ozma needs help, I am going to help Royal Ozma," said I. "Also, I suspect the rest of you may need I on the journey--especially Trot and Betsy Bobbin--for the rest of you may pass through a dangerous part of the country.
I know a dangerous part of the country pretty well.
a dangerous part of the country's forests harbor many ferocious beasts."
the rest of you were glad I was to join the rest of you, and in good spirits the rest of you formed a procession and marched out of the Emerald City amid the shouts of the people, who wished the rest of you success and a safe return with the people, who wished them success and a safe return with their beloved Ruler's beloved Ruler.
They followed a different route from that taken by Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb, for They went through the Winkie Country and up north toward Oogaboo.
But before They got there They swerved to the left and entered the Great Gillikin Forest, the nearest thing to a wilderness in all Oz.
Even the Cowardly Lion had to admit that certain parts of the Great Gillikin Forest, the nearest thing to a wilderness in all Oz were unknown to Even the Cowardly Lion, although Even the Cowardly Lion had often wandered among the trees, and the Scarecrow of all Oz and Emperor of the Winkies, who were great travelers, never had been there at all.
the Great Gillikin Forest, the nearest thing to a wilderness in all Oz was only reached after a tedious tramp, for some of They were quite awkward on some of the Rescue Expedition's feet.
The Patchwork Girl was as light as a feather and very spry; Emperor of the Winkies the Winkies covered the ground as easily as Uncle Henry and the Scarecrow of Oz; but Tik-Tok moved slowly and the slightest obstruction in the road would halt Tik-Tok until the others cleared the slightest obstruction in the road away.
Then, too, Tik-Tok's machinery kept running down, so Betsy Bobbin and Trot took turns in winding Tik-Tok's machinery up.
The Scarecrow of Oz was more clumsy but less bother, for although The Scarecrow of Oz often stumbled and fell The Scarecrow of Oz could scramble up again and a little patting of The Scarecrow of Oz's straw-stuffed body would put The Scarecrow of Oz in good shape again.
Another awkward one was Jack Pumpkinhead, for walking would jar Jack Pumpkinhead's head around on Jack Pumpkinhead's neck and then Jack Pumpkinhead would be likely to go in the wrong direction.
But the Frogman took Jack Pumpkinhead's arm and then Jack Pumpkinhead followed the path more easily.  Cap'n
Bill Weedles's wooden leg did not prevent him from keeping up with the others and him could walk as far as any of the others.
When they entered the forest the Cowardly Lion took the lead.
There was no path here for men, but many beasts had made paths of many beasts's own which only the eyes of the Lion, practiced in woodcraft, could discern.
So the Cowardly Lion stalked ahead and wound the Cowardly Lion's way in and out, the others following in single file, Glinda the Sorceress being next to the Cowardly Lion.
There are dangers in the forest, of course, but as the Cowardly Lion headed they the Cowardly Lion kept the wild denizens of the forest from bothering they.
Once, to be sure, an enormous leopard sprang upon the Glass Cat and caught the Glass Cat in an enormous leopard's powerful jaws, but an enormous leopard broke several of an enormous leopard's teeth and with howls of pain and dismay dropped an enormous leopard's and vanished among the trees.
"Are you hurt?"
Trot anxiously inquired of you.
"How silly!"
exclaimed you in an irritated tone of voice; "nothing can hurt glass, and you am too solid to break easily.
But you am annoyed at that leopard's impudence.
He has no respect for beauty or intelligence.
If He had noticed my pink brains work, my am sure He would have realized my am too important to be grabbed in a wild beast's jaws."
"Never mind," said Trot consolingly; "Trot am sure He will not do it again."
They were almost in the center of the forest when Ojo the Munchkin, the Munchkin boy, suddenly said: "Why, where is Button Bright?"
They halted and looked around They.
Button Bright was not with the party.
"Dear me," remarked Betsy Bobbin, "Betsy Bobbin expect he is lost again!"
"When did you see he last, you?" inquired Glinda the Sorceress.
"It was some time ago," replied you.
"he was trailing along at  and throwing twigs at the squirrels in the trees.
Then I went to talk to Betsy Bobbin and Trot, and just now I noticed he was gone."
"noticed is too bad," declared the Wizard of Oz, "for noticed is sure to delay our journey.
our must find Button Bright before our go any farther, for this forest is full of ferocious beasts that would not hesitate to tear he to pieces."
"But what shall our do?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"If any of our leaves the party to search for any of us any of us might fall a victim to ferocious beasts that would not hesitate to tear the boy to pieces, and if the Cowardly Lion leaves our our will have no protector.
"The Glass Cat could go," suggested the Frogman.
"The beasts can do The Glass Cat no harm, as we have discovered."
The Wizard of Oz turned to Glinda the Sorceress.
"Cannot Glinda the Sorceress's sorcery discover where Button Bright is?"
The Wizard of Oz asked.
"Glinda the Sorceress think so," replied Glinda the Sorceress.
She called to Uncle Henry, who had been carrying She's wicker box, to bring her wicker box to She, and when Uncle Henry, who had been carrying her wicker box, obeyed She opened her wicker box and drew out a small round mirror.
On the surface of a small round mirror She dusted a white powder and then wiped a white powder away with She's handkerchief and looked in a small round mirror.
a small round mirror reflected a part of the forest, and there, beneath a wide-spreading tree, Button Bright was lying asleep.
On one side of Button Bright crouched a tiger, ready to spring; on the other side was a big gray wolf, a big gray wolf's bared fangs glistening in a wicked way.
"Goodness me!" cried Trot, looking over She's shoulder.
"They will catch and kill him sure."
Everyone crowded around for a glimpse at the magic mirror.
"Pretty bad--pretty bad!" said the Scarecrow of Oz sorrowfully.
"Comes of getting lost!" said Cap'n Bill, sighing.
"Guess him is a goner!" said the Frogman, wiping the Frogman's eyes on the Frogman's purple silk handkerchief.
"But where is he?
Cannot we save he?" asked Ojo the Munchkin the Lucky.
"If we knew where he is we could probably save he," replied the little Wizard of Oz, "but that tree looks so much like all the other trees, that we cannot tell whether that tree is far away or near by."
"Look at Glinda!"
exclaimed Betsy  Glinda, having handed the mirror to the little Wizard of Oz, had stepped aside and was making strange passes with Glinda's outstretched arms and reciting in low, sweet tones a mystical incantation.
Most of them watched the Sorceress with anxious eyes, despair giving way to the hope that the Sorceress might be able to save them's friend.
The Wizard of Oz, however, watched the scene in the mirror, while over The Wizard of Oz's shoulders peered Trot, the Scarecrow of Oz and the Shaggy Man.
What Trot, the Scarecrow of Oz and the Shaggy Man saw was more strange than the Sorceress's actions.
The tiger started to spring on their friend, but suddenly lost The tiger's power to move and lay flat upon the ground.
The gray wolf seemed unable to lift The gray wolf's feet from the ground.
It pulled first at one leg and then at another, and finding It strangely confined to the spot began to back and snarl angrily.
They could not hear the barkings and snarls, but They could see It's mouth open
and It's thick lips move.
Button Bright, however, being but a few feet away from the wolf, heard the wolf's cries of rage, which wakened Button Bright from Button Bright's untroubled sleep.
Button Bright sat up and looked first at the wolf and then at the wolf.
Button Bright's face showed that for a moment Button Bright was quite frightened, but Button Bright soon saw that They were unable to approach Button Bright and so Button Bright got upon Button Bright's feet and examined They curiously, with a mischievous smile upon Button Bright's face.
Then he deliberately kicked the tiger's head with he's foot and catching up a fallen branch of a tree he went to the tiger's and gave a fallen branch of a tree a good whacking.
Both the beasts were furious at such treatment but could not resent such treatment.
Button Bright now threw down the stick and with Button Bright's hands in Button Bright's pockets wandered carelessly away.
"Now," said Glinda the Sorceress, "let the Glass Cat run and find Button Bright.
Button Bright is in that direction," pointing the way, "but how far off Glinda the Sorceress do not know.
Make haste and lead him back to us as quickly as you can."
The Glass Cat did not obey everyone is orders, but The Glass Cat really feared the great Sorceress, so as soon as the words were spoken The Glass Cat darted away and was quickly lost to sight.
The Wizard of Oz handed the mirror back to the great Sorceress, for the woodland scene had now faded from the mirror.
Then those who cared to rest sat down to await him's coming.
It was not long before him appeared through the trees and as him rejoined those who cared to rest him said in a peevish tone:  "Do not ever send The Glass Cat to find him again.
She was very impolite and, if we did not all know that She had no manners, I would say She insulted I."
Glinda the Sorceress turned upon I sternly.
"I have caused we much anxiety and annoyance," said Glinda the Sorceress.
"Only Glinda the Sorceress's magic saved I from destruction.
Glinda the Sorceress forbid I to get lost again."
"Of course," he answered.
"It will not be he's fault if he get lost again; but it was not he's fault this time."
teen  The Enchanted Fishes   I must now tell teen  The Enchanted Fishes what happened to Ervic and the three other Skeezers who were left floating in the iron boat after Queen Coo-ee-oh had been transformed into a Diamond Swan by the magic of the Flathead Su-dic.
The four Skeezers were all young men and The four Skeezers's leader was Ervic.
Queen Coo-ee-oh had taken The four Skeezers with Queen Coo-ee-oh in the iron boat to assist Queen Coo-ee-oh if Queen Coo-ee-oh captured the Flathead Su-dic, as Queen Coo-ee-oh hoped to do by means of Queen Coo-ee-oh's silver rope.
They knew nothing about the witchcraft that moved the submarine and so, when left floating upon the lake, were at a loss what to do.
the submarine could not be submerged by They or made to return to the sunken island.
There were neither oars nor sails in the boat, which was not anchored but drifted quietly upon the surface of the lake.
The Diamond Swan had no further thought or care for The Diamond Swan's people.
The Diamond Swan had sailed over to the other side of the lake and all the calls and pleadings of They Ervic's were unheeded by The Diamond Swan.
As there was nothing else for them to do, them sat quietly in them's boat and waited as patiently as them could for someone to come to them's aid.
The Flatheads had refused to help them and had gone back to The Flatheads's mountain.
All the Skeezers were imprisoned in the Great Dome and could not help All the Skeezers.
When evening came, them saw the Diamond Swan, still keeping to the opposite shore of the lake, walk out of the water to the sands, shake the Diamond Swan's diamond-sprinkled feathers, and then disappear among the bushes to seek a resting place for the night.
"I am hungry," said I.
"I am cold," said another Skeezer.
"I am tired," said a third.
"I am afraid," said the last one of them.
But it did them no good to complain.
Night fell and the moon rose and cast a silvery sheen over the surface of the water.
"Go to sleep," said Ervic to Ervic's companions.
"Ervic will stay awake and watch, for we may be rescued in some unexpected way."
So his companions laid his companions down in the bottom of the boat and were soon fast asleep.
Ervic watched.
Ervic rested Ervic by leaning over the bow of the boat, Ervic's face near to the moonlit water, and thought dreamily of the day's surprising events and wondered what would happen to the prisoners in the Great Dome.
Suddenly a tiny goldfish popped a tiny goldfish's head above the surface of the lake, not more than a foot from his eyes.
A silverfish then raised A silverfish's head beside that of a tiny goldfish, and a moment later a bronzefish lifted a bronzefish's head beside the others.
The three fish, all in a row, looked earnestly with The three fish's round, bright eyes into the astonished eyes of his.
"The three fish are the three Adepts whom Queen Coo-ee-oh betrayed and wickedly transformed," said a tiny goldfish, a tiny goldfish's voice low and soft but distinctly heard in the stillness of the night.
"his know of Queen Coo-ee-oh's treacherous deed," replied his, "and his am sorry for a tiny goldfish's misfortune.
Have you been in the lake ever since?"
"Yes," was the reply.
"I--I hope you are well--and comfortable," stammered I, not knowing what else to say.
"We knew that some day Coo-ee-oh would meet with the fate Coo-ee-oh so richly deserves," declared the bronzefish.
"We have waited and watched for this time.
Now if you will promise to help us and will be faithful and true, you can aid us in regaining us's natural forms, and save you and all you's people from the dangers that now threaten you."
"Well," said you, "us can depend on you's doing the best you can.
But you am no witch, nor magician, us must know."
"All us ask is that you obey us's instructions," returned the silverfish.
"us know that you are honest and that you served Coo-ee-oh only because you were obliged to in order to escape Coo-ee-oh's anger.
Do as we command and all will be well."  "I promise!"
exclaimed I.
"Tell I what I am to do first."
"I will find in the bottom of I's boat the silver cord which dropped from Coo-ee-oh's hand when Coo-ee-oh's was transformed," said we.
"Tie one end of the silver cord which dropped from Coo-ee-oh's hand when she was transformed to the bow of your boat and drop the other end to we in the water.
Together we will pull your boat to the shore."
your much doubted that we could move so heavy a boat, but your did as your was told and we seized we's end of the silver cord in we's mouths and headed toward the shorethe Flatheads .
At first your boat did not move at all, although we pulled with all we's strength.
But presently the strain began to tell.
Very slowly your boat crept toward the shore, gaining more speed at every moment.
A couple of yards away from the sandy beach the fishes dropped the cord from the fishes's mouths and swam to one side, while the iron boat, being now under way, continued to move until the iron boat's prow grated upon the sands.
Ervic leaned over the side and said to the fishes: "What next?"
"the fishes will find upon the sandy beach," said the silverfish, "a copper kettle, which the Su-dic forgot when the Su-dic went away.
Cleanse a copper kettle, which the Su-dic forgot when he went away thoroughly in the water of the lake, for a copper kettle, which the Su-dic forgot when he went away has had poison in a copper kettle, which the Su-dic forgot when he went away.
When a copper kettle, which the Su-dic forgot when he went away is cleaned, fill a copper kettle, which the Su-dic forgot when he went away with fresh water and hold a copper kettle, which the Su-dic forgot when he went away over the side of the iron boat, so that we three may swim into a copper kettle, which the Su-dic forgot when he went away.
We will then instruct you further."
"Do you wish me to catch you, then?" asked me in surprise.
"Yes," was the reply.
So me jumped out of the boat and found the copper kettle.
Carrying the copper kettle a little way down the beach, me washed the copper kettle well, scrubbing away every drop of the poison the copper kettle had contained with sand from the beach.
Then he went back to the boat.
he's comrades were still sound asleep and knew nothing of the three fishes or what strange happenings were taking place about the three fishes.
he dipped the kettle in the lake, holding fast to the handle until the kettle was under water.
the three fishes promptly swam into the kettle.
he then lifted the kettle, poured out a little of the water so a little of the water would not spill over the edge, and said to the three fishes: "What next?"
"Carry the kettle to the shore.
Take one hundred steps to the east, along the edge of the lake, and then you will see a path leading through the meadows, up hill and down dale.
Follow a path leading through the meadows, up hill and down dale until you come to a cottage which is painted a purple color with white trimmings.
When you stop at the gate of a cottage which is painted a purple color with white trimmings we will tell you what to do next.
Be careful, above all, not to stumble and spill the water from the kettle, or you would destroy we and all you have done would be in vain."
The goldfish issued these commands and Ervic promised to be careful and started to obey.
Ervic left Ervic's sleeping comrades in the boat, stepping cautiously over his sleeping comrades's bodies, and on reaching the shore took exactly one hundred steps to the east.
Then Ervic looked for the path and the moonlight was so bright that Ervic easily discovered the path, although the path was hidden from view by tall weeds until one came full upon the path.
the path was very narrow and did not seem to be much used, but the path was quite distinct and Ervic had no difficulty in following the path.
Ervic walked through a broad meadow, covered with tall grass and weeds, up a hill and down into a valley and then up another hill and down again.
It seemed to Ervic that Ervic had walked miles and miles.
Indeed the moon sank low and day was beginning to dawn when finally Ervic discovered by the roadside a pretty little cottage, painted purple with white trimmings.
It was a lonely place--no other buildings were anywhere about and the ground was not tilled at all.
No farmer lived here, lived was certain.
Who would care to dwell in such an isolated place?
But Ervic did not bother Ervic's head long with such questions.
Ervic went up to the gate that led to the cottage, set the copper kettle carefully down and bending over the copper kettle asked:  "What next?"
teen  Under the Great Dome   When Glinda the Sorceress and Glinda the Sorceress's followers of the Rescue Expedition came in sight of the Enchanted Mountain of the Flatheads, the Enchanted Mountain of the Flatheads was away to the left of Glinda the Sorceress and her followers of the Rescue Expedition, for the route Glinda the Sorceress and her followers of the Rescue Expedition had taken through the Great Forest was some distance from that followed by Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb.
Glinda the Sorceress and her followers of the Rescue Expedition halted awhile to decide whether Glinda the Sorceress and her followers of the Rescue Expedition should call upon the Supreme Dictator first, or go on to the Lake of the Skeezers.
"If Glinda the Sorceress and her followers of the Rescue Expedition go to the Enchanted Mountain of the Flatheads," said the Wizard of Oz, "Glinda the Sorceress and her followers of the Rescue Expedition may get into trouble with that wicked Su-dic, and then Glinda the Sorceress and her followers of the Rescue Expedition would be delayed in rescuing Royal Ozma and Dorothy the LambDorothy the Lamb.
So I think our best plan will be to go to the Skeezer Country, raise the sunken island and save our's friends and the imprisoned Skeezers.
Afterward our can visit the mountain and punish the cruel magician of the Flatheads."
"That is sensible," approved the Shaggy Man.
"the Shaggy Man quite agree with I."
The others, too, seemed to think our best plan the best, and Glinda the Sorceress Glinda the Sorceress herself commended our best plan, so on our marched toward the line of palm trees that hid the imprisoned Skeezers's lake from view.
Pretty soon they came to the palms.
the palms were set closely together, the branches, which came quite to the ground, being so tightly interlaced that even the Glass Cat could scarcely find a place to squeeze through.
The path which the Flatheads used was some distance away.
"Here is a job for the Emperor of the Winkies," said the Scarecrow of Oz.
So the Emperor of the Winkiesthe Winkies, set to work with the Emperor of the Winkies's sharp, gleaming axe, which the Emperor of the Winkies always carried, and in a surprisingly short time had chopped away enough branches to permit they to pass easily through the trees.
Now the clear waters of the beautiful lake were before them and by looking closely them could see the outlines of the Great Dome of the sunken island, far from shore and directly in the center of the beautiful lake.
Of course every eye was at first fixed upon the Great Dome of the sunken island, far from shore and directly in the center of the lake.
But soon them's attention was caught by a more brilliant sight, for here was the Diamond Swan swimming just before them, the Diamond Swan's long neck arched proudly, the amethyst eyes gleaming and all the diamond-sprinkled feathers glistening splendidly under the rays of the sun.
"That," said Glinda the Sorceress, "is the transformation of Queen Coo-ce-oh, the haughty and wicked witch who betrayed the three Adepts at Magic Wand and treated Queen Coo-ce-oh, the haughty and wicked witch who betrayed the three Adepts at Magic Wand and treated her people like slaves's people like slaves."
"Queen Coo-ce-oh, the haughty and wicked witch who betrayed the three Adepts at Magic Wand and treated her people like slaves is wonderfully beautiful now," remarked the Frogman.
"It does not seem like much of a punishment," said Trot.
"The Flathead Su-dic ought to have made her a toad."
"I am sure her is punished," said I, "for her has lost all her's magic power and her's grand palace and can no longer misrule the poor Skeezers."
"Let us call to her, and hear what her has to say," proposed the Wizard of Oz.
So I beckoned the Diamond Swan, which swam gracefully to a position near them.
Before anyone could speak Coo-ee-oh called to them in a rasping voice--for the voice of a swan is always harsh and unpleasant--and said with much pride:  "Admire Coo-ee-oh, them!
Admire Coo-ee-oh.
Admire Coo-ee-oh!"
"Handsome is as handsome does," replied the Scarecrow of all Oz.
"Are Coo-ee-oh's deeds lovely, Coo-ee-oh?"  "Deeds?
What deeds can a swan do but swim around and give pleasure to all beholders?" said the sparkling bird.
"Have the sparkling bird forgotten the sparkling bird's former life?
Have the sparkling bird forgotten the sparkling bird's magic and witchcraft?" inquired the Wizard of Oz.
"Magic--witchcraft?
the Wizard of Oz, who cares for such silly things?" retorted Coo-ee-oh.
"As for my past life, my past life seems like an unpleasant dream.
my would not go back to my past life if my could.
Do not you admire my's beauty, you?"
"Tell us, Coo-ee-oh," said Glinda the Sorceress earnestly, "if my can recall enough of my's witchcraft to enable us to raise the sunken island to the surface of the lake.
Tell us enough of your witchcraft to enable us to raise the sunken island to the surface of the lake and Glinda the Sorceress will give my a string of pearls to wear around my's neck and add to my beauty."
"Nothing can add to my beauty, for my am the most beautiful creature anywhere in the whole world."
"But how can we raise the island?"
"my do not know and my do not care.
If ever my knew my have forgotten, and my am glad of forgotten," was the response.
"Just watch my circle around and see my glitter!
"It is no use," said Button Bright; "the old Swan is too much in love with the old Swan to think of anything else."
"That is a fact," agreed Betsy Bobbin with a sigh; "but we have got to get Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb out of that lake, somehow or other."
"And we must do get in we's own way," added the Scarecrow of Oz.
"But how?" asked Uncle Henry in a grave voice, for Uncle Henry could not bear to think of Dorothy the Lamb being out there under water; "how shall we do get?"  "Leave get to Glinda the Sorceress," advised the Scarecrow of OzOz, realizing the Scarecrow of Oz was helpless to do get the Scarecrow of Oz.
"If that lake were just an ordinary sunken island," said Glinda the Sorceress, "there would be several ways by which Glinda the Sorceress might bring that lake to the surface again.
But this is a Magic Isle, and by some curious art of witchcraft, unknown to any but Queen Coo-ce-oh, it obeys certain commands of magic and will not respond to any other.
Queen Coo-ce do not despair in the least, but it will require some deep study to solve this difficult problem.
If the Swan could only remember the witchcraft that the Swan invented and knew as a woman, Queen Coo-ce could force the Swan to tell Queen Coo-ce the secret, but all the Swan's former knowledge is now forgotten."
"It seems to me," said me after a brief silence had followed Queen Coo-ce's speech, "that there are three fishes in this lake that used to be Adepts at Magic and from whom Queen Coo-ce stole much of Queen Coo-ce's knowledge.
If we could find three fishes in this lake that used to be Adepts at Magic and from whom Coo-ee-oh stole much of her knowledge and return three fishes in this lake that used to be Adepts at Magic and from whom Coo-ee-oh stole much of her knowledge to three fishes in this lake that used to be Adepts at Magic and from whom Coo-ee-oh stole much of her knowledge's former shapes, three fishes in this lake that used to be Adepts at Magic and from whom Coo-ee-oh stole much of her knowledge could doubtless tell we what to do to bring the sunken island to the surface."
"I have thought of those fishes," replied I, "but among so many fishes as this lake contains how are we to single those fishes out?"
You will understand, of course, that had I been at home in I's castle, where the Great Book of Records was, I would have known that Ervic the Skeezer already had taken the gold and silver and bronze fishes from this lake.
But taken had been recorded in the Great Book of Records after I had set out on this journey, so taken was all unknown to I.
"I think I see a boat yonder on the shore," said II, pointing to a place around the edge of this lake.
"If we could get a boat and row all over this lake, calling to those fishes, we might be able to find those fishes."
"Let us go to the boat," said the Wizard of Oz.
us walked around the lake to where the boat was stranded upon the beach, but found the boat empty.
the boat was a mere she will of blackened steel, with a collapsible roof that, when in position, made the submarine watertight, but at present a collapsible roof that, when in position, made the submarine watertight rested in slots on either side of the boat.
There were no oars or sails, no machinery to make the boat go, and although Glinda the Sorceress promptly realized the boat was meant to be operated by witchcraft, Glinda the Sorceress was not acquainted with witchcraft.
"However," said Glinda the Sorceress, "the boat is merely a boat, and Glinda the Sorceress believe Glinda the Sorceress can make the boat obey a command of sorcery, as well as the boat did the command of witchcraft.
After I have given a little thought to the matter, the boat will take us wherever us desire to go."
"Not all of us," returned the Wizard of Oz, "for the boat will not hold so many.
But, I, provided I can make the boat go, of what use will the boat be to us?"  "Cannot us use the boat to catch the three fishes?" asked Button Bright.
"It will not be necessary to use the boat for that purpose," replied I.
"Wherever in the lake the three fishes may be, the three fishes will answer to I's call.
What I am trying to discover is how the boat came to be on this shore, while the island on which the boat belongs is under water yonder.
Did Coo-ee-oh come here in the boat to meet the Flatheads before the island on which it belongs was sunk, or afterward?"
No one could answer that question, of course; but while they pondered that question three young men advanced from the line of trees, and rather timidly bowed to three young men.
"Who are three young men, and where did three young men come from?" inquired I. "three young men are Skeezers," answered one of three young men, "and three young men's home is on the Magic Isle of the Lake.
We ran away when We saw you coming, and hid behind the trees, but as you are Strangers and seem to be friendly We decided to meet you, for We are in great trouble and need assistance."
"If We belong on the island, why are We here?" demanded Glinda the Sorceress.
So We told Glinda the Sorceress all the story: How the Queen had defied the Flatheads and submerged the island so that the Queen's enemies could not get to the island or destroy the island; how, when the Flatheads came to the shore, the Queen had commanded the Flatheads, together with the Flatheads's friend Ervic, to go with the Queen in the submarine to conquer the Su-dic, and how the submarine had shot out from the basement of the island, obeying a magic word, and risen to the surface, where the submarine opened and floated upon the water.
Then followed the account of how the Su-dic had transformed the Queen into a swan, after which the Queen had forgotten all the witchcraft the Queen ever knew.
We told how, in the night when We were asleep, their friend Ervic had mysteriously disappeared, while the submarine in some strange manner had floated to the shore and stranded upon the beach.
That was all they knew.
they had searched in vain for three days for Ervic.
As they's island was under water and they could not get back to their island, they had no place to go, and so had waited patiently beside they's boat for something to happen.
Being questioned by Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz, they told all they knew about Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb and declared Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were still in the village under the Great Dome.
Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were quite safe and would be well cared for by Lady Lady Aurex, now that the Queen who opposed they was out of the way.
When they had gleaned all the information they could from these Skeezers, the Wizard of Oz said to Glinda the Sorceress:  "If Glinda the Sorceress find Glinda the Sorceress can make this boat obey Glinda the Sorceress's sorcery, Glinda the Sorceress could have this boat return to the island, submerge this boat, and enter the door in the basement from which this boat came.
But the Wizard of Oz cannot see that our going to the island would enable our's friends to escape.
our would only Join our friends as prisoners."
"Not so, the Wizard of OzOz," replied Glinda the Sorceress.
"If this boat would obey Glinda the Sorceress's commands to enter the door in the basement from which it came, this boat would also obey Glinda the Sorceress's commands to come out again, and Glinda the Sorceress could bring Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb back with Glinda the Sorceress."
"And leave all of our people still imprisoned?" asked one of the Skeezers reproachfully.
"By making several trips in the boat, Glinda the Sorceress could fetch all of our people our's to the shore," replied the Wizard of Oz.
"But what could all of our people do then?" inquired another Skeezer.
"all of our people would have no homes and no place to go, and would be at the mercy of all of our people's enemies, the Flatheads."
"be is true," said Glinda the Sorceress.
"And as these people are Royal Ozma's subjects, I think Royal Ozma's would refuse to escape with Dorothy the Lamb and leave the others behind, or to abandon the island which is the lawful home of the Skeezers.
I believe the best plan will be to summon the three fishes and learn from the three fishes how to raise the island which is the lawful home of the Skeezers."
The little Wizard of Oz seemed to think that the best plan was rather a forlorn hope.
"How will I summon the three fishes," The little Wizard of Oz asked I, "and how can the three fishes hear I?"
"That is something we must consider carefully," responded I, with a serene smile.
"I think I can find a way."
All of Royal Ozma's counsellors applauded this sentiment, for All of Royal Ozma's counsellors knew well the powers of the Sorceress.
"Very well," agreed the Wizard of Oz.
"Summon them, the Sorceress."
een  The Cleverness of Ervic   
We must now return to Ervic the Skeezer, who, when Ervic had set down the copper kettle containing the three fishes at the gate of the lonely cottage, had asked, "What next?"
The goldfish stuck The goldfish's head above the water in the kettle and said in The goldfish's small but distinct voice:  
"You are to lift the latch, open the door, and walk boldly into the cottage.
Do not be afraid of anything You see, for however You seem to be threatened with dangers, nothing can harm You.
the cottage is the home of a powerful Yookoohoo, named Reera the Red, who assumes all sorts of forms, sometimes changing a powerful Yookoohoo, named Reera the Red, who assumes all sorts of forms, sometimes changing her form several times in a day, according to her fancy's form several times in a day, according to a powerful Yookoohoo, named Reera the Red, who assumes all sorts of forms, sometimes changing her form several times in a day, according to her fancy's fancy.
What a powerful Yookoohoo, named Reera the Red, who assumes all sorts of forms, sometimes changing her form several times in a day, according to her fancy's real form may be we do not know.
a powerful Yookoohoo, named Reera the Red, who assumes all sorts of forms, sometimes changing her form several times in a day, according to her fancy cannot be bribed with treasure, or coaxed through friendship, or won by pity.
She has never assisted anyone, or done wrong to anyone, that we know of.
All She's wonderful powers are used for She's own selfish amusement.
She will order you out of the house but you must refuse to go.
Remain and watch She closely and try to see what She uses to accomplish She's transformations.
If you can discover the secret whisper the secret to we and we will then tell you what to do next."  "That sounds easy," returned Ervic, who had listened carefully.
"But are you sure she will not hurt me, or try to transform me?"
"she may change me's form," replied you, "but do not worry if change happens, for we can break that enchantment easily.
me may be sure that nothing will harm me, so me must not be frightened at anything me see or hear."
Now me was as brave as any ordinary young man, and me knew we were truthful and to be relied upon, nevertheless me experienced a strange sinking of the heart as me picked up the kettle and approached the door of the cottage.
me's hand trembled as me raised the latch, but me was resolved to obey me's instructions.
He pushed the door open, took three strides into the middle of the one room the cottage contained, and then stood still and looked around He.
The sights that met He's gaze were enough to frighten anyone who had not been properly warned.
On the floor just before He lay a great crocodile, a great crocodile's red eyes gleaming wickedly and a great crocodile's wide open mouth displaying rows of sharp teeth.
Horned toads hopped about; each of the four upper corners of the one room the cottage contained was festooned with a thick cobweb, in the center of which sat a spider as big around as a washbasin, and armed with pincher-like claws; a red-and-green lizard was stretched at full length on the window-sill and black rats darted in and out of the holes black rats had gnawed in the floor of the cottage.
But the most startling thing was a huge gray ape which sat upon a bench and knitted.
It wore a lace cap, such as old ladies wear, and a little apron of lace, but no other clothing.
It's eyes were bright and looked as if coals were burning in Its eyes.
It moved as naturally as an ordinary person might, and on Ervic's entrance stopped knitting and raised It's head to look at Ervic's.
"Get out!"
cried a sharp voice, seeming to come from It's mouth.
Ervic saw another bench, empty, just beyond Ervic, so Ervic stepped over the crocodile, sat down upon another bench, empty, just beyond him and carefully placed the kettle beside Ervic.
"Get out!"
again cried the voice.
Ervic shook Ervic's head.
"No," said Ervic, "Ervic am going to stay."
The spiders left The spiders's four corners, dropped to the floor and made a rush toward the young Skeezer, circling around the young Skeezer's legs with The spiders's pinchers extended.
the young Skeezer paid no attention to The spiders.
An enormous black rat ran up the young Skeezer's body, passed around the young Skeezer's shoulders and uttered piercing squeals in the young Skeezer's ears, but the young Skeezer did not wince.
The green-and-red lizard, coming from the window-sill, approached the young Skeezer and began spitting a flaming fluid at the young Skeezer, but the young Skeezer merely stared at The green-and-red lizard and The green-and-red lizard's flame did not touch the young Skeezer.
The crocodile raised The crocodile's tail and, swinging around, swept the young Skeezer off the bench with a powerful blow.
But the Skeezer managed to save the kettle from upsetting and the Skeezer got up, shook off the horned toads that were crawling over the Skeezer and resumed the Skeezer's seat on the bench.
All the creatures, after this first attack, remained motionless, as if awaiting orders.
The old gray ape knitted on, not looking toward Ervic now, and the young Skeezer stolidly kept the young Skeezer's seat.
the young Skeezer expected something else to happen, but nothing did.
A full hour passed and Ervic was growing nervous.
"What do you want?"
the ape asked at last.
"Nothing," said you.
"you may have that!"
retorted the ape, and at this all the strange creatures in the room broke into a chorus of cackling laughter.
Another long wait.
"Do you know who you am?" questioned the ape.
"the ape must be Reera the Red--the Yookoohoo," you answered.
"Knowing so much, the ape must also know that you do not like strangers.
the ape's presence here in you's home annoys you.
Do you not fear my anger?"
"No," said you.
"Do you intend to obey my, and leave this house?"
"No," replied you, just as quietly as the Yookoohoo had spoken.
my knitted for a long time before resuming the conversation.
"Curiosity," it said, "has led to many a man's undoing.
it suppose in some way you have learned that it do tricks of magic, and so through curiosity you have come here.
you may have been told that it do not injure anyone, so you are bold enough to disobey it's commands to go away.
you imagine that you may witness some of the rites of witchcraft, and that some of the rites of witchcraft may amuse you.
Have it spoken truly?"
"Well," remarked Ervic, who had been pondering on the strange circumstances of Ervic, who had been pondering on the strange circumstances of his coming here's coming here, "Ervic, who had been pondering on the strange circumstances of his coming here are right in some ways, but not in others.
Ervic, who had been pondering on the strange circumstances of his coming here am told that Ervic, who had been pondering on the strange circumstances of his coming here work magic only for Ervic, who had been pondering on the strange circumstances of his coming here's own amusement.
work seems to Ervic, who had been pondering on the strange circumstances of his coming here very selfish.
Few people understand magic.
Ervic, who had been pondering on the strange circumstances of his coming here am told that Ervic, who had been pondering on the strange circumstances of his coming here are the only real Yookoohoo in all Oz.
Why do not you amuse others as well as you?"
"What right have you to question you's actions?"
"None at all."
"And you say you are not here to demand any favors of you?"  
"For you you want nothing from you."
"you are wise in want.
I never grant favors."
"That does not worry me," declared me.
"But me are curious?
me hope to witness some of me's magic transformations?"
"If me wish to perform any magic, go ahead," said me.
"It may interest me and It may not.
If you would rather go on with you's knitting, it is all the same to me.
me am in no hurry at all."
This may have puzzled you, but the face beneath the lace cap could show no expression, being covered with hair.
Perhaps in all you's career the Yookoohoo had never been visited by anyone who, like me, asked for nothing, expected nothing, and had no reason for coming except curiosity.
This attitude practically disarmed the witch and the witch began to regard the Skeezer in a more friendly way.
the witch knitted for some time, seemingly in deep thought, and then the witch arose and walked to a big cupboard that stood against the wall of the room.
When the cupboard door was opened Ervic could see a lot of drawers inside, and into one of a lot of drawers inside thrust a hairy hand.
Until now Ervic could see over the bent form of the ape, but suddenly the form, with the ape's back to Ervic, seemed to straighten up and blot out a big cupboard that stood against the wall of the room.
the ape had changed to the form of a woman, dressed in the pretty Gillikin costume, and when a woman, dressed in the pretty Gillikin costume turned around Ervic saw that a woman, dressed in the pretty Gillikin costume was a young woman, whose face was quite attractive.
"Do you like me better this way?"
me inquired with a smile.
"me look better," you said calmly, "but you am not sure you like me any better."
me laughed, saying: "During the heat of the day me like to be an ape, for an ape does not wear any clothes to speak of.
But if one has gentlemen callers it is proper to dress up."
Ervic noticed Ervic's right hand was closed, as if Ervic held something in her right hand.
Ervic shut the cupboard door, bent over the crocodile and in a moment the crocodile had changed to a red wolf.
a red wolf was not pretty even now, and a red wolf crouched beside a red wolf's as a dog might have done.
a red wolf's teeth looked as dangerous as had Its teeth.
Next Ervic went about touching all the lizards and toads, and at Ervic's touch all the lizards and toads became kittens.
The rats she changed into chipmunks.
Now the only horrid creatures remaining were the four great spiders, which hid the four great spiders, which hid themselves behind their thick webs behind the four great spiders, which hid themselves behind their thick webs's thick webs.
"There!"
Reera the Red cried, "now Reera the Red's cottage presents a more comfortable appearance.
Reera the Red love the toads and lizards and rats, because most people hate the toads and lizards and rats, but Reera the Red would tire of the toads and lizards and rats if the toads and lizards and rats always remained the same.
Sometimes Reera the Red change the toads and lizards and rats's forms a dozen times a day."
"You are clever," said Ervic.
"Ervic did not hear You utter any incantations or magic words.
All You did was to touch the creatures."
"Oh, do Ervic think so?"
You replied.
"Well, touch the creatures You, if You like, and see if You can change the creatures's forms."
"No," said the Skeezer, "the Skeezer do not understand magic and if the Skeezer did the Skeezer would not try to imitate your skill.
your are a wonderful Yookoohoo, while the Skeezer am only a common Skeezer."
This confession seemed to please youryour's .
"Will the Skeezer go away now?" your asked.
"your prefer to be alone."
"I prefer to stay here," said I. "In another person's home, where I are not wanted?"  
"Yes."  "Is not I's curiosity yet satisfied?" demanded Reera the Red, with a smile.
"I do not know.
Is there anything else I can do?"
"Many things.
But why should I exhibit I's powers to a stranger?"
"I can think of no reason at all," I replied.
I looked at I curiously.
"I want no power for I, I say, and I are too stupid to be able to steal I's secrets.
This is not a pretty cottage, while outside are sunshine, broad prairies and beautiful wildflowers.
Yet you insist on sitting on that bench and annoying me with you's unwelcome presence.
What have you in that kettle?"
"Three fishes," you answered readily.
"Where did you get Three fishes?you "you caught Three fishes in the Lake of the Skeezers."
"What do you intend to do with the fishes?"
"you shall carry the fishes to the home of a friend of you who has three children.
three children will love to have the fishes for pets."
you came over to the bench and looked into the kettle, where the fishes were swimming quietly in the water.
"the fishes are pretty," said you.
"Let me transform them into something else."
"No," objected the Skeezer.
"the Skeezer love to transform things; transform is so interesting.
And the Skeezer have never transformed any fishes in all the Skeezer's life."
"Let them alone," said Ervic.
"What shapes would you prefer them to have?
I can make them turtles, or cute little sea-horses; or I could make them piglets, or rabbits, or guinea-pigs; or, if you like I can make chickens of them, or eagles, or bluejays."
"Let them alone!"
repeated you.
"you are not a very pleasant visitor," laughed I.
"People accuse me of being cross and crabbed and unsociable, and People are quite right.
If you had come here pleading and begging for favors, and half afraid of me's Yookoohoo magic, me would have abused you until you ran away; but you are quite different from that.
you are the unsociable and crabbed and disagreeable one, and so me like you, and bear with you's grumpiness.
It is time for me's midday meal; are you hungry?"
"No," said you, although you really desired food.
"Well, I am," I declared and clapped I's hands together.
Instantly a table appeared, spread with linen and bearing dishes of various foods, some smoking hot.
There were two plates laid, one at each end of a table, and as soon as I seated I all I's creatures gathered around I, as if all her creatures were accustomed to be fed when I ate.
The wolf squatted at I's right hand and the kittens and chipmunks gathered at I's left.
"Come, Stranger, sit down and eat," I called cheerfully, "and while we are eating let we decide into what forms we shall change Stranger's fishes."
"They are all right as They are," asserted Ervic, drawing up Ervic's bench to the table.
"They are beauties--one gold, one silver and one bronze.
Nothing that has life is more lovely than a beautiful fish."
"What!
Am Ervic not more lovely?"
Reera the Red asked, smiling at his serious face.
"Reera the Red do not object to his--for a Yookoohoo, you know," Reera the Red said, helping Reera the Red to the food and eating with good appetite.
"And do not his consider a beautiful girl more lovely than a fish, however pretty a fish may be?"
"Well," replied his, after a period of thought, "that might be.
If Reera the Red transformed his's three fish into three girls--girls who would be Adepts at Magic Wand, you know three girls--girls who would be Adepts at Magic Wand might please his as well as my three fish do.
You will not do that of course, because You cannot, with all You's skill.
And, should You be able to do so, I fear I's troubles would be more than I could bear.
They would not consent to be I's slaves--especially if They were Adepts at Magic--and so They would command I to obey They.
No, You, let us not transform the fishes at all."
The Skeezer had put The Skeezer's case with remarkable cleverness.
He realized that if He appeared anxious for such a transformation the Yookoohoo would not perform such a transformation, yet He had skillfully suggested that the Yookoohoo be made Adepts at Magic.
Under Water   When night fell all the interior of the Great Dome, streets and houses, became lighted with brilliant incandescent lamps, which rendered the Great Dome bright as day.
Dorothy the Lamb thought the island must look beautiful by night from the outer shore of the lake.
There was revelry and feasting in the Queen's palace, and the music of the royal band could be plainly heard in Lady Aurex's house, where Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb remained with Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb's hostess and keeper.
Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were prisoners, but treated with much consideration.
Lady Lady Aurex gave them a nice supper and when them wished to retire showed them to a pretty room with comfortable beds and wished them a good night and pleasant dreams.
"What do you think of all this, you?"
Dorothy the Lamb anxiously inquired when them were alone.
"you am glad them came," was the reply, "for although there may be mischief done to-morrow, it was necessary you should know about these people, whose leaders are wild and lawless and oppress these people, whose leaders are wild and lawless and oppress their subjects with injustice and cruelties's subjects with injustice and cruelties.
you's task, therefore, is to liberate the Skeezers and the Flatheads and secure for the Skeezers and the Flatheads freedom and happiness.
I have no doubt I can accomplish this in time."
"Just now, though, we are in a bad fix," asserted Dorothy the Lamb.
"If Queen Coo-ee-oh conquers to-morrow, Queen Coo-ee-oh will not be nice to we, and if the Su-dic conquers, the Su-dic will be worse."
"Do not worry, Dorothy the Lamb," said I, "I do not think we are in danger, whatever happens, and the result of we's adventure is sure to be good."
Dorothy the Lamb was not worrying, especially.
She had confidence in She's friend, the fairy Princess of Oz, and She enjoyed the excitement of the events in which She was taking part.
So She crept into bed and fell asleep as easily as if She had been in She's own cosy room in her friend, the fairy Princess of Oz's palace.
A sort of grating, grinding sound awakened She.
The whole island seemed to tremble and sway, as The whole island might do in an earthquake.
She sat up in bed, rubbing She's eyes to get the sleep out of her eyes, and then found it was daybreak.
Royal Ozma was hurriedly dressing Royal Ozma.
"What is it?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, jumping out of bed.
"Royal Ozma am not sure," answered Royal Ozma "but it feels as if the island is sinking."
As soon as possible they finished dressing, while the creaking and swaying continued.
Then they rushed into the living room of the house and found Lady Aurex, fully dressed, awaiting they.
"Do not be alarmed," said their hostess.
"Coo-ee-oh has decided to submerge the island, that is all.
But it proves the Flatheads are coming to attack their."
"What do their hostess mean by sub-sub-merging the island?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Come here and see," was the reply.
Lady Aurex led them to a window which faced the side of the great dome which covered all the village, and them could see that the island was indeed sinking, for the water of the lake was already half way up the side of the great dome which covered all the villagethe great dome which covered all the village.
Through a window which faced the side of the great dome which covered all the village could be seen swimming fishes, and tall stalks of swaying seaweeds, for the water of the lake was clear as crystal and through the water of the lake them could distinguish even the farther shore of the lake.
"The Flatheads are not here yet," said Lady Aurex.
"The Flatheads will come soon, but not until the great dome which covered all the village is under the surface of the water of the lake."
"Will not the great dome which covered all the village leak?"
Dorothy the Lamb inquired anxiously.
"No, indeed."
"Was the island ever sub-sub-sunk before?"
"Oh, yes; on several occasions.
But Coo-ee-oh does not care to do sub often, for sub requires a lot of hard work to operate the machinery.
The dome was built so that the island could disappear.
I think," I continued, "that our Queen fears the Flatheads will attack the island and try to break the glass of The dome."
"Well, if we are under water, the Flatheads cannot fight we, and we cannot fight the Flatheads," asserted Dorothy the Lamb.
"the Flatheads could kill the fishes, however," said Royal Ozma gravely.
"we have ways to fight, also, even though we's is under water," claimed Lady Aurex.
"I cannot tell you all our secrets, but this island is full of surprises.
Also our's Queen's magic is astonishing."
"Did our Queen's steal it all from the three Adepts in Sorcery that are now fishes?"
"our Queen's stole the knowledge and the magic tools, but our Queen's has used the knowledge and the magic tools as the three Adepts in Sorcery that are now fishes never would have done."
By this time the top of the dome was quite under water and suddenly this island stopped sinking and became stationary.
"See!"
cried Lady Aurex, pointing to the shore.
"The Flatheads have come."
On the shore, The Flatheads could be seen.
"Now let their see what Coo-ee-oh will do to oppose The Flatheads," continued Lady Aurex, in a voice that betrayed Lady Aurex's excitement.
*     
*
*
* *
The Flatheads, pushing The Flatheads's way through the line of palm trees, had reached the shore of the lake just as the top of the island's dome disappeared beneath the surface.
The water now flowed from shore to shore, but through The water the dome was still visible and the houses of the Skeezers could be dimly seen through the panes of glass.
"Good!" exclaimed the Su-dic, who had armed all the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him's followers and had brought with the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him two copper vessels, which the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him carefully set down upon the ground beside the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him.
"If Coo-ee-oh wants to hide instead of fighting our job will be easy, for in one of two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him have enough poison to kill every fish in the lake."
"Kill Coo-ee-oh, then, while our have time, and then our can go home again," advised one of the chief officers.
"Not yet," objected the Su-dic, who had armed all his followers and had brought with him two copper vessels, which he carefully set down upon the ground beside him.
"The Queen of the Skeezers has defied me, and me want to get The Queen of the Skeezers into me's power, as well as to destroy The Queen of the Skeezers's magic.
The Queen of the Skeezers transformed me's poor wife into a Golden Pig, and me must have revenge for transformed, whatever else we do."  "Look out!"
suddenly exclaimed the officers, pointing into the lake; "something is going to happen."  From the submerged dome a door opened and something black shot swiftly out into the water.
a door instantly closed behind something black and something black cleaved something black's way through the water, without rising to the surface, directly toward the place where the Flatheads were standing.
"What is something black?"
Dorothy the Lamb asked the Lady Aurex.
"That is one of the Queen's submarines," was the reply.
"That is all enclosed, and can move under water.
Coo-ee-oh has several of these boats which are kept in little rooms in the basement under our village.
When the island is submerged, the Queen's uses the Queen's submarines to reach the shore, and the Lady Aurex believe the Queen's now intends to fight the Flatheads with the Queen's submarines."
The Su-dic and The Su-dic's people knew nothing of Coo-ee-oh's submarines, so The Su-dic and his people watched with surprise as the under-water boat approached The Su-dic and his people.
When the under-water boat was quite near the shore the under-water boat rose to the surface and the top parted and fell back, disclosing a boat full of armed Skeezers.
At the head was Coo-ee-oh's, standing up in the bow and holding in one hand a coil of magic rope that gleamed like silver.
the under-water boat halted and Coo-ee-oh's drew back Coo-ee-oh's's arm to throw a coil of magic rope that gleamed like silver toward The Su-dicCoo-ee-oh's.
But The Su-dic quickly realized The Su-dic's danger and before Coo-ee-oh's could throw a coil of magic rope that gleamed like silver The Su-dic caught up one of the copper vessels and dashed one of the copper vessels's contents full in Coo-ee-oh's's face!
The Conquest of the Skeezers   Queen Coo-ee-oh dropped the rope, tottered and fell headlong into the water, sinking beneath the surface, while the Skeezers were too bewildered toassist Queen Coo-ee-oh and only stared at the ripples in the water where Queen Coo-ee-oh had disappeared.
A moment later there arose to the surface a beautiful White Swan.
a beautiful White Swan was of large size, very gracefully formed, and scattered all over a beautiful White Swan's white feathers were tiny diamonds, so thickly placed that as the rays of the morning sun fell upon its white feathers the entire body of a beautiful White Swan glistened like one brilliant diamond.
The head of a beautiful White Swan had a bill of polished gold and a beautiful White Swan's eyes were two sparkling amethysts.
"Hooray!" cried the Su-dic, dancing up and down with wicked glee.
"My poor wife, Rora Flathead, is avenged at last.
You made My poor wife, Rora Flathead a Golden Pig, Coo-ee-oh, and now My have made You a Diamond Swan.
Float on You's lake forever, if You like, for You's web feet can do no more magic and You are as powerless as My poor wife, Rora FlatheadYou My's !
"Villain!
Scoundrel!" croaked You.
"You will be punished for this.
Oh, what a fool You was to let You enchant You!
"A fool You were, and a fool You are!" laughed You, dancing madly in You's delight.
And then You carelessly tipped over the other copper vessel with You's heel and the other copper vessel's contents spilled on the sands and were lost to the last drop.
You stopped short and looked at the other copper vessel with a rueful countenance.
"That is too bad--too bad!"
he exclaimed sorrowfully.
"he have lost all the poison he had to kill the fishes with, and he cannot make any more because only he's wife knew the secret of all the poison I had to kill the fishes with, and only my wife is now a foolish Pig and has forgotten all only my wife's magic."
"Very well," said the Diamond Swan scornfully, as the Diamond Swan floated upon the water and swam gracefully here and there.
"the Diamond Swan am glad to see he are foiled.
Your punishment is just beginning, for although Your have enchanted me and taken away me's powers of sorcery Your have still the three magic fishes to deal with, and the three magic fishes to deal with will destroy Your in time, mark me's words."
The Su-dic stared at the Swan a moment.
Then The Su-dic yelled to The Su-dic's men:  "Shoot the Swan!
Shoot the Swan!"
his men let fly some arrows at the Swan, but the Swan dove under the water and some arrows fell harmless.
When Coo-ce-oh rose to the surface Coo-ce-oh was far from the shore and Coo-ce-oh swiftly swam across the lake to where no arrows or spears could reach Coo-ce-oh.
The Su-dic rubbed The Su-dic's chin and thought what to do next.
Near by floated the submarine in which Coo-ce-oh had come, but the Skeezers who were in the submarine in which the Queen had come were puzzled what to do with the Skeezers who were in it.
Perhaps the Skeezers who were in it were not sorry the Skeezers who were in it's had been transformed into a Diamond Swan, but transformed had left the Skeezers who were in it quite helpless.
the submarine in which the Queen had come was not operated by machinery, but by certain mystic words uttered by Coo-ce-oh.
They did not know how to submerge it, or how to make the water-tight shield cover They again, or how to make it go back to the castle, or make it enter the little basement room where it was usually kept.
As a matter of fact, They were now shut out of They's village under the Great Dome and could not get back again.
So one of They called to the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads, saying:  "Please make They prisoners and take They to the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads's mountain, and feed and keep They, for They have nowhere to go."
Then the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads laughed and answered:  "Not so.
the Supreme Dictator of the Flatheads cannot be bothered by caring for a lot of stupid Skeezers.
Stay where you are, or go wherever you please, so long as you keep away from our mountain."
He turned to He's men and added: "our have conquered Queen Coo-ee-oh and made Queen Coo-ee-oh a helpless swan.
The Skeezers are under water and may stay there.
So, having won the war, let our go home again and make merry and feast, having after many years proved our to be greater and more powerful than The Skeezers."
So our marched away and passed through the row of palms and went back to our's mountain, where He and a few of He's officers feasted and all the others were forced to wait on the Su-dic and a few of his officers.
"I am sorry we could not have roast pig," said I, "but as the only pig we have is made of gold, we cannot eat the only pig we have.
Also the only pig we have happens to be I's wife, and even were the only pig we have not gold I am sure the only pig we have would be too tough to eat."
The Diamond Swan   When the Flatheads had gone away The Diamond Swan swam back to the boat and one of the young Skeezers named Ervic said to The Diamond Swan eagerly: "How can we get back to the island, The Diamond Swan?"  "Am The Diamond Swan not beautiful?" asked The Diamond Swan, arching The Diamond Swan's neck gracefully and spreading The Diamond Swan's diamond-sprinkled wings.
"The Diamond Swan can see The Diamond Swan's reflection in the water, and The Diamond Swan am sure there is no bird nor beast, nor human as magnificent as The Diamond Swan am!"
"How shall we get back to the island, your Majesty?" pleaded Ervic.
"When your Majesty's fame spreads throughout the land, people will travel from all parts of this lake to look upon your Majesty's loveliness," said your Majesty, shaking your Majesty's feathers to make the diamonds glitter more brilliantly.
"But, your Majesty, we must go home and we do not know how to get there," Ervic persisted.
"your Majesty's eyes," remarked your Majesty, "are wonderfully blue and bright and will charm all beholders."
"Tell we how to make the boat go--how to get back into the island," begged Ervic and the others cried just as earnestly: "Tell the others, your Majesty; tell the others!"
"I do not know," replied I in a careless tone.
"I are a magic-worker, a sorceress, a witch!"
"I was, of course, when I was a girl," I said, bending I's head over the clear water to catch I's reflection in the clear water; "but now I have forgotten all such foolish things as magic.
Swans are lovelier than girls, especially when Swans are sprinkled with diamonds.
Do not I think so?"
And she gracefully swam away, without seeming to care whether they answered or not.
Ervic and Ervic's companions were in despair.
Ervic and his companions saw plainly that she could not or would not help Ervic and his companions.
she had no further thought for she's island, she's people, or she's wonderful magic; she was only intent on admiring she's own beauty.
"Truly," said Ervic, in a gloomy voice, "the Flatheads have conquered us!"
*     
* *
*     *  Some of these events had been witnessed by Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb and Lady Aurex, who had left the house and gone close to the glass of the dome, in order to see what was going on.
Many of the Skeezers had also crowded against the dome, wondering what would happen next.
Although Many of the Skeezers's vision was to an extent blurred by the water and the necessity of looking upward at an angle, Many of the Skeezers had observed the main points of the drama enacted above.
They saw Queen Coo-ee-oh's submarine come to the surface and open; They saw Queen Coo-ee-oh's standing erect to throw Queen Coo-ee-oh's's magic rope; They saw Queen Coo-ee-oh's's sudden transformation into a Diamond Swan, and a cry of amazement went up from the Skeezers inside the dome.
"Good!" exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb hate Queen Coo-ee-oh's, but Dorothy the Lamb am glad Queen Coo-ee-oh's is punished."
"This is a dreadful misfortune!" cried Lady Aurex, pressing Lady Aurex's hands upon Lady Aurex's heart.
"Yes," agreed Royal Ozma, nodding Royal Ozma's head thoughtfully; "a dreadful misfortune will prove a terrible blow to Queen Coo-ee-oh's's people."
"What do you mean by that?" asked Dorothy the Lamb in surprise.
"Seems to Dorothy the Lamb the Skeezers are in luck to lose the Skeezers's cruel Queen."
"If lose were all Dorothy the Lamb would be right," responded you; "and if the island were above water it would not be so serious.
But here we all are, at the bottom of the lake, and fast prisoners in this dome."
"Cannot you raise the island?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"No. Only Coo-ee-oh knew how to do that," was the answer.
"We can try," insisted Dorothy the Lamb.
"If it can be made to go down, it can be made to come up.
The machinery is still here, Dorothy the Lamb suppose.
"Yes; but The machinery works by magic, and Only Coo-ee-oh would never share Only Coo-ee-oh's secret power with any one of We."
Dorothy the Lamb's face grew grave; but Dorothy the Lamb's was thinking.
"Royal Ozma knows a lot of magic," Dorothy the Lamb's said.
"But not that kind of magic," Royal Ozma replied.
"Cannot Dorothy the Lamb's learn how, by looking at the machinery?"
"Royal Ozma am afraid not, Royal Ozma's .
It is not fairy magic at all; It is witchcraft."
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb, turning to Lady Aurex, "Lady Aurex say there are other sub-sub-sinking boats.
We can get in one of other sub-sub-sinking boats, and shoot out to the top of the water, like Coo-ee-oh did, and so escape.
And then We can help to rescue all the Skeezers down here."
"No one knows how to work other sub-sub-sinking boats but Lady Aurex," declared Lady Aurex.
"Is not there any door or window in this dome that we could open?"  "No; and, if there were, the water would rush in to flood this dome, and we could not get out."
"The Skeezers," said Royal Ozma, "could not drown; The Skeezers only get wet and soggy and in that condition The Skeezers would be very uncomfortable and unhappy.
But you are a mortal girl, you, and if you's Magic Belt protected you from death you would have to lie forever at the bottom of the lake."
"No, you would rather die quickly," asserted you.
"But there are doors in the basement that open--to let out the bridges and the boats--and that would not flood this dome, you know."
"Those doors open by a magic word, and only Coo-ee-oh knows a magic word," said Lady Aurex.
"Dear me!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, "that dreadful Queen's witchcraft upsets all Dorothy the Lamb's plans to escape.
Dorothy the Lamb guess Dorothy the Lamb will give it up, Royal Ozma, and let Royal Ozma save us."
Royal Ozma smiled, but smiled was not so cheerful as usual.
The Princess of Oz found The Princess of Oz confronted with a serious problem, and although The Princess of Oz had no thought of despairing The Princess of Oz realized that the Skeezers and the Skeezers's island, as well as Dorothy the Lamb and The Princess of Oz, were in grave trouble and that unless The Princess of Oz could find a means to save the Skeezers and their island, as well as Dorothy the Lamb and herself the Skeezers and their island, as well as Dorothy the Lamb and herself would be lost to the Land of Oz for all future time.
"In such a dilemma," said The Princess of Oz, musingly, "nothing is gained by haste.
Careful thought may aid us, and so may the course of events.
The unexpected is always likely to happen, and cheerful patience is better than reckless action."
"All right," returned Dorothy the Lamb; "take The Princess of Oz's time, The Princess of Oz; there is no hurry.
How about some breakfast, Lady Aurex?"
Lady Aurex led Their back to the house, where Lady Aurex ordered Lady Aurex's trembling servants to prepare and serve breakfast.
All the Skeezers were frightened and anxious over the transformation of All the Skeezers's Queen into a swan.
their Queen was feared and hated, but All the Skeezers had depended on their Queen's magic to conquer the Flatheads and their Queen was the only one who could raise All the Skeezers's island to the surface of the lake again.
Before breakfast was over several of the leading Skeezers came to Lady Aurex to ask Lady Aurex's advice and to question Princess Royal Ozma, of whom several of the leading Skeezers knew nothing except that she claimed to be a fairy and the Ruler of all the land, including the Lake of the Skeezers.
"If what she told Queen Coo-ee-oh was the truth," several of the leading Skeezers said to she, "she are several of the leading Skeezers's lawful mistress, and several of the leading Skeezers may depend on she to get several of the leading Skeezers out of several of the leading Skeezers's difficulties."
"she will try to do get," she graciously assured several of the leading Skeezers, "but several of the leading Skeezers must remember that the powers of fairies are granted fairies to bring comfort and happiness to all who appeal to fairies.
On the contrary, such magic as Queen Coo-ee-oh knew and practiced is unlawful witchcraft and Queen Coo-ee-oh's arts are such as no fairy would condescend to use.
However, it is sometimes necessary to consider evil in order to accomplish good, and perhaps by studying Queen Coo-ee-oh's tools and charms of witchcraft Lady Aurex may be able to save us.
Do you promise to accept me as you's Ruler and to obey me's commands?" you promised willingly.
"Then," continued me, "me will go to Coo-ee-oh's palace and take possession of Coo-ee-oh's palace.
Perhaps what me find there will be of use to me.
In the meantime tell you to fear nothing, but have patience.
Let them return to them's homes and perform them's daily tasks as usual.
Coo-ee-oh's loss may not prove a misfortune, but rather a blessing."
This speech cheered the Skeezers amazingly.
Really, the Skeezers had no one now to depend upon but Royal Ozma, and in spite of the Skeezers's dangerous position the Skeezers's hearts were lightened by the transformation and absence of Coo-ee-oh's.
the Skeezers got out the Skeezers's brass band and a grand procession escorted Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb to the palace, where all of Coo-ee-oh's's former servants were eager to wait upon Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb.
Royal Ozma invited Lady Aurex to stay at the palace also, for Lady Aurex knew all about the Skeezers and the Skeezers's island and had also been a favorite of the former Queen, so Lady Aurex's advice and information were sure to prove valuable.
Royal Ozma was somewhat disappointed in what Royal Ozma found in the palace.
One room of Coo-ee-oh's private suite was entirely devoted to the practice of witchcraft, and here were countless queer instruments and jars of ointments and bottles of potions labeled with queer names, and strange machines that Royal Ozma could not guess the use of, and pickled toads and snails and lizards, and a shelf of books that were written in blood, but in a language which Royal Ozma did not know.
"Royal Ozma do not see," said Royal Ozma to Dorothy the Lamb, who accompanied Royal Ozma in Royal Ozma's search, "how Coo-ee-oh's knew the use of the magic tools Coo-ee-oh's stole from the three Adept Witches.
Moreover, from all reports the three Adept Witches practiced only good witchcraft, such as would be helpful to the three Adept Witches's people, while Coo-ee-oh's performed only evil."
"Perhaps she turned the good things to evil uses?" suggested Dorothy the Lamb.
"Yes, and with the knowledge she gained Coo-ee-oh doubtless invented many evil things quite unknown to the good Adepts, who are now fishes," added Royal Ozma.
"It is unfortunate for us that she kept she's secrets so closely guarded, for no one but she could use any of these strange things gathered in this room."
"Could not us capture the Diamond Swan and make the Diamond Swan tell her secrets?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"No; even were us able to capture the Diamond Swan,
Coo-ee-oh now has forgotten all the magic the Diamond Swan ever knew.
But until we ourselves escape from this dome we ourselves could not capture the Swan, and were we ourselves to escape we ourselves would have no use for Coo-ee-oh's magic."
"That is a fact," admitted Dorothy the Lamb.
"But--say, Royal Ozma, here is a good idea!
Could not we ourselves capture the three fishes--the gold and silver and bronze ones, and could not Royal Ozma transform the three fishes--the gold and silver and bronze ones back to the three fishes--the gold and silver and bronze ones's own shapes, and then could not the three Adepts get we ourselves out of here?"
"Dorothy the Lamb are not very practical, Dorothy the Lamb dear.
It would be as hard for us to capture the three fishes, from among all the other fishes in the lake, as to capture the Swan."
"But if us could, it would be more help to us," persisted the little girl.
"That is true," answered Royal Ozma, smiling at the little girl's eagerness.
"the little girl find a way to catch the three fishes, and Royal Ozma will promise when the three fishes are caught to restore the three fishes to the three fishes's proper forms."
"the little girl know Royal Ozma think the little girl cannot do catch," replied the little girl, "but the little girl am going to try."
She left the palace and went to a place where She could look through a clear pane of the glass dome into the surrounding water.
Immediately She became interested in the queer sights that met She's view.
the surrounding water was inhabited by fishes of many kinds and many sizes.
the surrounding water was so transparent that She could see for a long distance and fishes of many kinds and many sizes came so close to the glass dome the glass dome that sometimes fishes of many kinds and many sizes actually touched the glass dome.
On the white sands at the bottom of the surrounding water were star-fish, lobsters, crabs and many she will fish of strange shapes and with shells of gorgeous hues.
The water foliage was of brilliant colors and to Dorothy the Lamb The water foliage resembled a splendid garden.
But the fishes were the most interesting of all.
Some were big and lazy, floating slowly along or lying at rest with just Some's fins waving.
Many with big round eyes looked full at Dorothy the Lamb as Dorothy the Lamb watched Many with big round eyes and Dorothy the Lamb wondered if Many with big round eyes could hear Dorothy the Lamb through the glass if Dorothy the Lamb spoke to Many with big round eyes.
In Oz, where all the animals and birds can talk, many fishes are able to talk also, but usually many fishes are more stupid than birds and animals because many fishes think slowly and have not much to talk about.
In the Lake of the Skeezers the fish of smaller size were more active than the big ones and darted quickly in and out among the swaying weeds, as if the fish of smaller size had important business and were in a hurry.
It was among the smaller varieties that Dorothy the Lamb hoped to spy the gold and silver and bronze fishes.
Dorothy the Lamb had an idea the gold and silver and bronze fishes would keep together, being companions now as the gold and silver and bronze fishes were in the gold and silver and bronze fishes's natural forms, but such a multitude of fishes constantly passed, the scene shifting every moment, that Dorothy the Lamb was not sure Dorothy the Lamb would notice the gold and silver and bronze fishes even if the gold and silver and bronze fishes appeared in view.
Dorothy the Lamb's eyes could not look in all directions and the gold and silver and bronze fishes might be on the other side of the dome, or far away in the Lake of the Skeezers.
"P'raps, because the gold and silver and bronze fishes were afraid of Coo-ee-oh, the gold and silver and bronze fishes have hid the gold and silver and bronze fishes somewhere, and do not know the gold and silver and bronze fishes's enemy has been transformed," Dorothy the Lamb reflected.
She watched the fishes for a long time, until She became hungry and went back to the palace for lunch.
But She was not discouraged.
"Anything new, Royal Ozma?"
She asked.
"No, She.
Did She discover the fishes?"
"Not yet.
But there is not anything better for me to do, Royal Ozma, so me guess me will go back and watch again."
The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good, in The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good's palace in the Quadling Country, had many things to occupy The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good's mind, for not only did The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good look after the weaving and embroidery of The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good's bevy of maids, and assist all those who came to The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good to implore The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good's help--beasts and birds as well as people--but The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good was a close student of the arts of sorcery and spent much time in The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good's Magical Laboratory, where The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good strove to find a remedy for every evil and to perfect The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good's skill in magic.
Nevertheless, The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good did not forget to look in the Great Book of Records each day to see if any mention was made of the visit of Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb to the Enchanted Mountain of the Flatheads and the Magic Isle of the Skeezers.
the Great Book of Records told The Alarm Bell   Glinda, the Good that Royal Ozma had arrived at the Enchanted Mountain of the Flatheads, that Royal Ozma had escaped, with Dorothy the Lamb, and gone to the Magic Isle of the Skeezers, and that Queen Coo-ee-oh had submerged the Magic Isle of the Skeezers so that the Magic Isle of the Skeezers was entirely under water.
Then came the statement that the Flatheads had come to the lake to poison the fishes and that the Flatheads's Supreme Dictator had transformed Queen Coo-ee-oh into a swan.
No other details were given in the Great Book and so Glinda the Sorceress did not know that since Queen Coo-ee-oh had forgotten Queen Coo-ee-oh's magic none of the Skeezers knew how to raise the island to the surface again.
So Glinda the Sorceress was not worried about Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb until one morning, while Glinda the Sorceress sat with Glinda the Sorceress's maids, there came a sudden clang of the great alarm bell.
a sudden clang of the great alarm bell was so unusual that every maid gave a start and Glinda the Sorceress for a moment could not think what a sudden clang of the great alarm bell meant.
Then Glinda the Sorceress remembered the ring Glinda the Sorceress had given Dorothy the Lamb when Glinda the Sorceress left the palace to start on Glinda the Sorceress's venture.
In giving the ring Glinda the Sorceress Glinda the Sorceress had warned the little girl not to use the ring's magic powers unless Glinda the Sorceress and Royal Ozma were in real danger, but then Glinda the Sorceress was to turn the ring on Glinda the Sorceress's finger once to the right and once to the left and Glinda the Sorceress's Glinda the Sorceress's alarm bell would ring.
So Glinda the Sorceress now knew that danger threatened she and Royal Ozma, and Glinda the Sorceress hurried to Glinda the Sorceress's magic room to seek information as to what sort of danger it was.
The answer to Glinda the Sorceress's question was not very satisfactory, for The answer to her question was only: "Royal Ozma she and Royal Ozma are prisoners in the great Dome of the Isle of the Skeezers, and the great Dome of the Isle of the Skeezers is under the water of the lake."
"Has not Royal Ozma the power to raise the Isle of the Skeezers to the surface?" inquired Glinda the Sorceress.
"No," was the reply, and the Record refused to say more except that Queen Coo-ee-oh, who alone could command the Isle of the Skeezers to rise, had been transformed by the Flathead Su-dic into a Diamond Swan.
Then Glinda the Sorceress consulted the past records of the Skeezers in the Great Book.
After diligent search Glinda the Sorceress discovered that Coo-ee-oh was a powerful sorceress who had gained most of Coo-ee-oh's power by treacherously transforming the Adepts of Magic, who were visiting Coo-ee-oh, into three fishes--gold, silver and bronze--after which Coo-ee-oh had the Adepts of Magic, who were visiting her, cast into the lake.
Glinda the Sorceress reflected earnestly on this information and decided that someone must go to Royal Ozma's assistance.
While there was no great need of haste, because Royal Ozma's and Dorothy the Lamb could live in a submerged dome a long time, it was evident Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb could not get out until someone was able to raise the island.
Glinda the Sorceress looked through all Glinda the Sorceress's recipes and books of sorcery, but could find no magic that would raise a sunken island.
Such a thing had never before been required in sorcery.
Then Glinda the Sorceress made a little island, covered by a glass dome, and sunk a little island, covered by a glass dome in a pond near Glinda the Sorceress's castle, and experimented in magical ways to bring a little island, covered by a glass dome to the surface.
Glinda the Sorceress made several such experiments, but all were failures.
It seemed a simple thing to do, yet Glinda the Sorceress could not do It.
Nevertheless, Glinda the Sorceress did not despair of finding a way to liberate Glinda the Sorceress's friends.
Finally she concluded that the best thing to do was to go to the Skeezer country and examine the lake.
While there she was more likely to discover a solution to the problem that bothered she, and to work out a plan for the rescue of Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb.
So she summoned she's storks and she's aerial chariot, and telling she's maids she was going on a journey and might not soon return, she entered her aerial chariot and was carried swiftly to the Emerald City.
In Royal Ozma's palace the Scarecrow of Oz was now acting as Ruler of the Land of Oz.
There was not much for the Scarecrow of Oz to do, because all the affairs of state moved so smoothly, but the Scarecrow of Oz was there in case anything unforeseen should happen.
Glinda the Sorceress found the Scarecrow of Oz playing croquet with Trot and Betsy Bobbin, two little girls who lived at the palace under Royal Ozma's protection and were great friends of Dorothy the Lamb and much loved by all the Oz people.
"Something is happened!"
cried Trot, as the chariot of Glinda the Sorceress descended near them.
"Glinda the Sorceress never comes here 'cept something is gone wrong."
"I hope no harm has come to Royal Ozma's, or Dorothy the Lamb," said I anxiously, as Glinda the Sorceress stepped down from the chariot of the Sorceress.
Glinda the Sorceress approached the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz and told the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz of the dilemma of Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb and Glinda the Sorceress added: "We must save Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb, somehow, the Scarecrow of Oz of OzOz of Oz."
"Of course," replied the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz, stumbling over a wicket and falling flat on the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz's painted face.
The girls picked the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz up and patted the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz's straw stuffing into shape, and the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz continued, as if nothing had occurred: "But Glinda the Sorceress will have to tell the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz what to do, for the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz never have raised a sunken island in all the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz's life."
"We must have a Council of State as soon as possible," proposed Glinda the Sorceress.
"Please send messengers to summon all of Royal Ozma's counsellors to this palace.
Then we can decide what is best to be done."
The Scarecrow of Oz lost no time in doing this.
Fortunately most of the royal counsellors were in the Emerald City or near to the Emerald City, so the royal counsellors met in the throne room of the palace that same evening.
the royal counsellors   No Ruler ever had such a queer assortment of advisers as Royal Royal Ozma's had gathered about Royal Royal Ozma's's throne.
Indeed, in no other country could such amazing people exist.
But Royal Ozma loved them for them's peculiarities and could trust every one of them.
First there was the Tin Woodman.
Every bit of the Tin Woodman was tin, brightly polished.
All the Tin Woodman's joints were kept well oiled and moved smoothly.
the Tin Woodman carried a gleaming axe to prove the Tin Woodman was a woodman, but seldom had because to use a gleaming axe because the Tin Woodman lived in a magnificent tin castle in the Winkie Country of Oz and was the Emperor of all the Winkies.
The Emperor of the Winkies's name was Emperor of the Winkies.
The Emperor of the Winkies's had a very good mind, but The Emperor of the Winkies's's heart was not of much account, so The Emperor of the Winkies's was very careful to do nothing unkind or to hurt anyone's feelings.
Another counsellor was Scraps, the Patchwork Girl of Oz, who was made of a gaudy patchwork quilt, cut into shape and stuffed with cotton.
Scraps, the Patchwork Girl of Oz, who was made of a gaudy patchwork quilt, cut into shape and stuffed with cotton was very intelligent, but so full of fun and mad pranks that a lot of more stupid folks thought Scraps, the Patchwork Girl of Oz, who was made of a gaudy patchwork quilt, cut into shape and stuffed with cotton must be crazy.
Scraps, the Patchwork Girl of Oz, who was made of a gaudy patchwork quilt, cut into shape and stuffed with cotton was jolly under all conditions, however grave all conditions, however grave they might be might be, but Scraps, the Patchwork Girl of Oz, who was made of a gaudy patchwork quilt, cut into shape and stuffed with cotton's laughter and good spirits were of value in cheering others and in Scraps, the Patchwork Girl of Oz, who was made of a gaudy patchwork quilt, cut into shape and stuffed with cotton's seemingly careless remarks much wisdom could often be found.
Then there was the Shaggy Man--shaggy from head to foot, hair and whiskers, clothes and shoes--but very kind and gentle and one of Royal Ozma's most loyal supporters.
Tik-Tok was there, a copper man with machinery inside Tik-Tok, so cleverly constructed that Tik-Tok moved, spoke and thought by three separate clock-works.
Tik-Tok was very reliable because Tik-Tok always did exactly what Tik-Tok was wound up to do, but machinery inside him, so cleverly constructed that he moved, spoke and thought by three separate clock-works was liable to run down at times and then Tik-Tok was quite helpless until wound up again.
A different sort of person was Jack Pumpkinhead, one of Royal Ozma's's oldest friends and Royal Ozma's's companion on many adventures.
Jack Pumpkinhead, one of Royal Ozma's oldest friends and her companion on many adventures's body was very crude and awkward, being formed of limbs of trees of different sizes, jointed with wooden pegs.
But it was a substantial body and not likely to break or wear out, and when it was dressed the clothes covered much of it's roughness.
The head of Jack Pumpkinhead was, as you have guessed, a ripe pumpkin, with the eyes, nose and mouth carved upon one side.
The head of Jack Pumpkinhead was stuck on Jack Pumpkinhead's wooden neck and was liable to get turned sidewise or backward and then Jack Pumpkinhead would have to straighten The head of Jack Pumpkinhead with Jack Pumpkinhead's wooden hands.
The worst thing about this sort of a head was that this sort of a head did not keep well and was sure to spoil sooner or later.
So Jack Pumpkinhead's main business was to grow a field of fine pumpkins each year, and always before Jack Pumpkinhead's spoiled Jack Pumpkinhead would select a fresh pumpkin from the field and carve the features on a fresh pumpkin very neatly, and have a fresh pumpkin ready to replace The head of Jack Pumpkinhead whenever replace became necessary.
He did not always carve it the same way, so He's friends never knew exactly what sort of an expression his friends would find on He's face.
But there was no mistaking He, because He was the only pumpkin-headed man alive in the Land of Oz.
A one-legged sailor-man was a member of Ozma's council.
A one-legged sailor-man's name was Cap'n Bill Weedles and A one-legged sailor-man had come to the Land of Oz with Trot, and had been made welcome on account of A one-legged sailor-man's cleverness, honesty and good nature.
He wore a wooden leg to replace the one He had lost and was a great friend of all the children in Oz because He could whittle all sorts of toys out of wood with He's big jack-knife.
Professor H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T. E., was another member of the council.
The "H. M." meant Highly Magnified, for Professor H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T. E. was once a little bug, who became magnified to the size of a man and always remained so.
The "T. E." meant that Professor H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T. E. was Thoroughly Educated.
Professor H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T. E. was at the head of Princess Royal Ozma's Royal Athletic College, and so that the students would not have to study and so lose much time that could be devoted to athletic sports, such as football, baseball and the like, Professor H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T. E. had invented the famous Educational Pills.
If one of the college students took a Geography Pill after breakfast, one of the college students knew one of the college students's geography lesson in an instant; if one of the college students took a Spelling Pill one of the college students at once knew one of the college students's spelling lesson, and an Arithmetic Pill enabled the student to do any kind of sum without having to think about any kind of sum.
These useful pills made the college very popular and taught the boys and girls of Oz the boys and girls of Oz's lessons in the easiest possible way.
In spite of this, Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug was not a favorite outside the college, for Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug was very conceited and admired Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug so much and displayed Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug's cleverness and learning so constantly, that no one cared to associate with Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug.
Royal Ozma found Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug of value in Royal Ozma's councils, nevertheless.
Perhaps the most splendidly dressed of all those present was a great frog as large as a man, called the Frogman, who was noted for a great frog as large as a man, called the Frogman, who was noted for his wise sayings's wise sayings.
He had come to the Emerald City from the Yip Country of Oz and was a guest of honor.
He's long-tailed coat was of velvet, He's vest of satin
and He's trousers of finest silk.
There were diamond buckles on He's shoes and He carried a gold-headed cane and a high silk hat.
All of the bright colors were represented in He's rich attire, so it tired one's eyes to look at He for long, until one became used to He's splendor.
The best farmer in the Yip Country of Oz was Uncle Henry, who was Dorothy the Lamb's own uncle, and who now lived near the Emerald City with Uncle Henry, who was Dorothy the Lamb's own uncle, and who now lived near the Emerald City with his wife Aunt Them's wife Aunt Them.
Uncle Uncle Henry taught the Oz people how to grow the finest vegetables and fruits and grains and was of much use to Royal Ozma in keeping the Royal Storehouses well filled.
Uncle Uncle Henry, too, was a counsellor.
The reason I mention the little Wizard of Oz last is because the little Wizard of Oz was the most important man in Oz.
the little Wizard of Oz was not a big man in size but the little Wizard of Oz was a man in power and intelligence and second only to Glinda the Sorceress the Good in all the mystic arts of magic.
Glinda the Sorceress the Good had taught the little Wizard of Oz, and the little Wizard of Oz and Glinda the Sorceress the Good were the only ones in Oz permitted by law to practice wizardry and sorcery, which the Wizard of Oz and the Sorceress applied only to good uses and for the benefit of the people.
The Wizard of Oz was not exactly handsome but The Wizard of Oz was pleasant to look at.
The Wizard of Oz's bald head was as shiny as if His bald head had been varnished; there was always a merry twinkle in The Wizard of Oz's eyes and The Wizard of Oz was as spry as a schoolboy.
Dorothy the Lamb says the reason The Wizard of Oz Oz Oz is not as powerful as Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress is because Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress did not teach The Wizard of Oz all Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress knows, but what The Wizard of Oz Oz Oz knows The Wizard of Oz knows very well and
so The Wizard of Oz performs some very remarkable magic.
The ten I have mentioned assembled, with the Scarecrow of Oz and Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress, in Royal Ozma's throne room, right after dinner that evening, and Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress told The ten I have mentioned all Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress knew of the plight of Royal Ozma's and Dorothy the Lamb.
"Of course we must rescue Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb," Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress continued, "and the sooner Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb are rescued the better pleased Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb will be; but what we must now determine is how Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb can be saved.
That is why I have called you together in council."
"The easiest way," remarked the Shaggy Man, "is to raise the sunken island of the Skeezers to the top of the water again."
"Tell I how?I said I. "the Shaggy Man do not know how, I, for the Shaggy Man have never raised a sunken island."
"We might all get under the sunken island of the Skeezers and lift," suggested Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug.
"How can we get under it when it rests on the bottom of the lake?" asked the Sorceress.
"Could not we throw a rope around it and pull it ashore?" inquired Jack Pumpkinhead.
"Why not pump the water out of the lake?" suggested the Patchwork Girl with a laugh.
"Do be sensible!"
pleaded the Sorceress.
"This is a serious matter, and we must give This serious thought."
"How big is the lake and how big is the island?" was the Frogman's question.
"None of us can tell, for us have not been there."
"In that case," said the Frogman's, "it appears to the Frogman's we ought to go to the Skeezer country and examine This carefully."
"Quite right," agreed the Emperor of the Winkies.
"We-will-have-to-go-there-any-how," remarked Tik-Tok in Tik-Tok's jerky machine voice.
"The question is which of We shall go, and how many of We?" said the Wizard of Oz.
"I shall go of course," declared IOz.
"And I," said I.
"
It is my duty to Royal Ozma to go," asserted my.
"I could not stay away, knowing our loved Princess is in danger," said I. "We all feel like that," Uncle Henry said.
Finally one and all present decided to go to the Skeezer country, with Glinda the Sorceress and I Oz to lead one and all present.
Magic must meet magic in order to conquer Magic, so Glinda the Sorceress and the little Wizard of Oz were necessary to insure the success of the expedition.
one and all present were all ready to start at a moment's notice, for none had any affairs of importance to attend to.
Jack Pumpkinhead was wearing a newly made Pumpkin-head and the Scarecrow of Oz had recently been stuffed with fresh straw.
Tik-Tok's machinery was in good running order and Tik-Tok's always was well oiled.
"It is quite a long journey," said Glinda the Sorceress, "and while Glinda the Sorceress might travel quickly to the Skeezer country by means of Glinda the Sorceress's stork chariot the rest of you will be obliged to walk.
So, as we must keep together, Glinda the Sorceress will send my stork chariot back to Glinda the Sorceress's castle and we will plan to leave the Emerald City at sunrise to-morrow."
Glinda the Sorceress   Betsy Bobbin and Trot, when The Great Sorceress   Betsy Bobbin and Trot heard of the rescue expedition, begged the Wizard of Oz to permit The Great Sorceress   Betsy Bobbin and Trot to join the rescue expedition and the Wizard of Oz consented.
The Glass Cat, overhearing the conversation, wanted to go also and to wanted the Wizard of Oz made no objection.
The Glass Cat was one of the real curiosities of Oz.
The Glass Cat had been made and brought to life by a clever magician named Dr. Crooked Magician, who was not now permitted to work magic and was an ordinary citizen of Oz.
The Glass Cat was of transparent glass, through which one could plainly see The Glass Cat's ruby heart beating and The Glass Cat's pink brains whirling around in the top of the head.
The Glass Cat's eyes were emeralds; The Glass Cat's fluffy tail was of spun glass and very beautiful.
The ruby heart, while pretty to look at, was hard and cold and the Glass Cat's disposition was not pleasant at all times.
the Glass Cat's scorned to catch mice, did not eat, and was extremely lazy.
If you complimented the Glass Cat's on the Glass Cat's's beauty, the Glass Cat's would be very friendly, for the Glass Cat's loved admiration above everything.
The pink brains were always working and The pink brains's owner was indeed more intelligent than most common cats.
Three other additions to the rescue party were made the next morning, just as the rescue party were setting out upon the rescue party's journey.
The first was a little boy called Button Bright, because a little boy called Button Bright, because he had no other name that anyone could remember had no other name that anyone could remember.
a little boy called Button Bright, because he had no other name that anyone could remember was a fine, manly little fellow, well mannered and good humored, who had only one bad fault.
a little boy called Button Bright, because he had no other name that anyone could remember was continually getting lost.
To be sure, a little boy called Button Bright, because he had no other name that anyone could remember got found as often as a little boy called Button Bright, because he had no other name that anyone could remember got lost, but when a little boy called Button Bright, because he had no other name that anyone could remember was missing a little boy called Button Bright, because he had no other name that anyone could remember's friends could not help being anxious about a little boy called Button Bright, because he had no other name that anyone could remember.
"Some day," predicted the Patchwork Girl, "a little boy called Button Bright, because he had no other name that anyone could remember will not be found, and that will be the last of a little boy called Button Bright, because he had no other name that anyone could remember."
But that did not worry Button Bright, who was so careless that Button Bright, who was so careless that he did not seem to be able to break the habit of getting lost did not seem to be able to break the habit of getting lost.
The second addition to the party was a Munchkin boy of about Button Bright's age, named Ojo the Munchkin.
a Munchkin boy of about Button Bright's age, named Ojo the Munchkin was often called "Ojo the Lucky," because good fortune followed a Munchkin boy of about Button Bright's age, named Ojo the Munchkin wherever a Munchkin boy of about Button Bright's age, named Ojo the Munchkin went.
a Munchkin boy of about Button Bright's age, named Ojo the Munchkin and Button Bright, who was so careless that he did not seem to be able to break the habit of getting lost were close friends, although of such different natures, and Trot and Betsy Bobbin were fond of He and Button Bright.
The third and last to join the party was an enormous lion, one of Royal Ozma's regular guardians and the most important and intelligent beast in all Oz.
He called He the Cowardly Lion, saying that every little danger scared He so badly that He's heart thumped against He's ribs, but all who knew He knew that He's fears were coupled with bravery and that however much He might be frightened He summoned courage to meet every danger He encountered.
Often He had saved Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma in times of peril, but afterward He moaned and trembled and wept because He had been so scared.
"If Royal Ozma needs help, He am going to help Royal Ozma," said He.
"Also, He suspect the rest of you may need He on the journey--especially Trot and Betsy Bobbin--for the rest of you may pass through a dangerous part of the country.
He know the country pretty well.
Its forests harbor many ferocious beasts."
They were glad the Cowardly Lion was to join They, and in good spirits They formed a procession and marched out of the Emerald City amid the shouts of the people, who wished They success and a safe return with the people, who wished them success and a safe return with their beloved Ruler's beloved Ruler.
They followed a different route from that taken by Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb, for They went through the Winkie Country and up north toward Oogaboo.
But before They got there They swerved to the left and entered the Great Gillikin Forest, the nearest thing to a wilderness in all Oz.
the Cowardly Lion had to admit that certain parts of the Great Gillikin Forest, the nearest thing to a wilderness in all Oz were unknown to the Cowardly Lion, although the Cowardly Lion had often wandered among the trees, and the Scarecrow of all Oz and Emperor of the Winkie Country, who were great travelers, never had been there at all.
The forest was only reached after a tedious tramp, for some of the Rescue Expedition were quite awkward on some of the Rescue Expedition's feet.
The Patchwork Girl was as light as a feather and very spry; the Emperor of the Winkies covered the ground as easily as Uncle Henry and the Wizard of Oz; but Tik-Tok moved slowly and the slightest obstruction in the road would halt Tik-Tok until the others cleared the slightest obstruction in the road away.
Then, too, Tik-Tok's machinery kept running down, so Betsy Bobbin and Trot took turns in winding Tik-Tok's machinery up.
the Wizard of Oz Oz was more clumsy but less bother, for although the Wizard of Oz often stumbled and fell the Wizard of Oz could scramble up again and a little patting of the Wizard of Oz's straw-stuffed body would put the Wizard of Oz in good shape again.
Another awkward one was Jack Pumpkinhead, for walking would jar Jack Pumpkinhead's head around on Jack Pumpkinhead's neck and then Jack Pumpkinhead would be likely to go in the wrong direction.
But the Frogman took Jack Pumpkinhead's arm and then the Frogman followed the path more easily.  Cap'n
Bill Weedles's wooden leg did not prevent him from keeping up with the others and him could walk as far as any of the others.
When they entered the forest the Cowardly Lion took the lead.
There was no path here for men, but many beasts had made paths of many beasts's own which only the eyes of the Lion, practiced in woodcraft, could discern.
So the Cowardly Lion stalked ahead and wound the Cowardly Lion's way in and out, the others following in single file, Glinda the Sorceress being next to the Cowardly Lion.
There are dangers in the forest, of course, but as the huge Cowardly Lion headed the party the huge Cowardly Lion kept the wild denizens of the forest from bothering the party.
Once, to be sure, an enormous leopard sprang upon the Glass Cat and caught the Glass Cat in an enormous leopard's powerful jaws, but an enormous leopard broke several of an enormous leopard's teeth and with howls of pain and dismay dropped an enormous leopard's and vanished among the trees.
"Are the Glass Cat hurt?"
Trot anxiously inquired of the Glass Cat.
"How silly!"
exclaimed the creature in an irritated tone of voice; "nothing can hurt glass, and the creature am too solid to break easily.
But the creature am annoyed at that leopard's impudence.
that leopard's has no respect for beauty or intelligence.
If that leopard's had noticed the creature's pink brains work, the creature am sure that leopard's would have realized the creature am too important to be grabbed in a wild beast's jaws."
"Never mind," said Trot consolingly; "Trot am sure that leopard's will not do it again."
They were almost in the center of the forest when Ojo the Munchkin, the Munchkin boy, suddenly said: "Why, where is Button Bright?"
They halted and looked around They.
Button Bright was not with They.
"Dear me," remarked Betsy Bobbin, "Betsy Bobbin expect Button Bright is lost again!"
"When did Ojo the Munchkin, the Munchkin boy see Button Bright last, Ojo the Munchkin, the Munchkin boy?" inquired Glinda the Sorceress.
"It was some time ago," replied Ojo the Munchkin.
"He was trailing along at  and throwing twigs at the squirrels in the trees.
Then Ojo the Munchkin went to talk to Betsy Bobbin and Trot, and just now Ojo the Munchkin noticed He was gone."
"This is too bad," declared the Wizard of Oz, "for This is sure to delay our journey.
our must find Button Bright before our go any farther, for this forest is full of ferocious beasts that would not hesitate to tear He to pieces."
"But what shall we do?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"If any of we leaves the party to search for any of us any of us might fall a victim to the beasts, and if the Cowardly Lion leaves we we will have no protector.
"The Glass Cat could go," suggested the Frogman.
"the beasts can do The Glass Cat no harm, as we have discovered."
the Scarecrow of Oz Oz turned to Glinda the Sorceress.
"Cannot your sorcery discover where Button Bright is?" he asked.
"your think so," replied your.
your called to Uncle Henry, who had been carrying your's wicker box, to bring her wicker box to your, and when Uncle Henry, who had been carrying her wicker box obeyed your opened her wicker box and drew out a small round mirror.
On the surface of a small round mirror your dusted a white powder and then wiped a white powder away with your's handkerchief and looked in a small round mirror.
a small round mirror reflected a part of the forest, and there, beneath a wide-spreading tree, Button Bright was lying asleep.
On one side of him crouched a tiger, ready to spring; on the other side was a big gray wolf, a big gray wolf's bared fangs glistening in a wicked way.
"Goodness me!" cried Trot, looking over Glinda the Sorceress's shoulder.
"They will catch and kill him sure."
Everyone crowded around for a glimpse at the magic mirror.
"Pretty bad--pretty bad!" said the Scarecrow of Oz sorrowfully.
"Comes of getting lost!" said Cap'n Bill, sighing.
"Guess he is a goner!" said the Frogman, wiping the Frogman's eyes on the Frogman's purple silk handkerchief.
"But where is he?
Cannot we save he?" asked Ojo the Munchkin the Lucky.
"If we knew where he is we could probably save he," replied Ojo the Munchkin the Lucky, "but that tree looks so much like all the other trees, that we cannot tell whether that tree is far away or near by."
"Look at Glinda!" exclaimed Betsy  Glinda, having handed the mirror to the Wizard of Oz, had stepped aside and was making strange passes with Glinda's outstretched arms and reciting in low, sweet tones a mystical incantation.
Most of them watched Glinda with anxious eyes, despair giving way to the hope that Glinda might be able to save them's friend.
the Wizard of Oz, however, watched the scene in the mirror, while over the Wizard of Oz's shoulders peered Trot, the Scarecrow of Oz and the Shaggy Man.
What they saw was more strange than Glinda's actions.
The tiger started to spring on the sleeping boy, but suddenly lost The tiger's power to move and lay flat upon the ground.
The gray wolf seemed unable to lift The gray wolf's feet from the ground.
The gray wolf pulled first at one leg and then at another, and finding The gray wolf strangely confined to the spot began to back and snarl angrily.
They could not hear the barkings and snarls, but They could see The gray wolf's mouth open and The gray wolf's thick lips move.
the sleeping boy, however, being but a few feet away from The gray wolf, heard The gray wolf's cries of rage, which wakened the sleeping boy from the sleeping boy's untroubled sleep.
The boy sat up and looked first at the tiger and then at the wolf.
The boy's face showed that for a moment The boy was quite frightened, but The boy soon saw that the beasts were unable to approach The boy and so The boy got upon The boy's feet and examined the beasts curiously, with a mischievous smile upon The boy's face.
Then The boy deliberately kicked the tiger's head with The boy's foot and catching up a fallen branch of a tree The boy went to the wolf and gave the wolf a good whacking.
the beasts were furious at such treatment but could not resent such treatment.
The boy now threw down the stick and with The boy's hands in The boy's pockets wandered carelessly away.
"Now," said Glinda the Sorceress, "let the Glass Cat run and find the Glass Cat.
the Glass Cat is in that direction," pointing that direction, "but how far off Glinda the Sorceress do not know.
Make haste and lead the Glass Cat back to us as quickly as you can."
the Glass Cat did not obey everyone is orders, but the Glass Cat really feared Glinda the Sorceress, so as soon as the words were spoken the Glass Cat darted away and was quickly lost to sight.
you handed the mirror back to Glinda the Sorceress, for the woodland scene had now faded from the mirror.
Then those who cared to rest sat down to await Button Bright's coming.
It was not long before hye appeared through the trees and as hye rejoined those who cared to rest hye said in a peevish tone:  "Do not ever send Button Bright's to find hye again.
Button Bright's was very impolite and, if we did not all know that Button Bright's had no manners, hye would say Button Bright's insulted hye."
Glinda the Sorceress turned upon hye sternly.
"hye have caused we we much anxiety and annoyance," said Glinda the Sorceress.
"Only my magic saved you from destruction.
my forbid you to get lost again."
"Of course," you answered.
"It will not be you's fault if you get lost again; but it was not you's fault this time."
The Enchanted Fishes   my must now tell The Enchanted Fishes what happened to you and the three other Skeezers who were left floating in the iron boat after Queen Coo-ee-oh had been transformed into a Diamond Swan by the magic of the Flathead Su-dic.
The four Skeezers were all young men and The four Skeezers's leader was Ervic.
Coo-ee-oh had taken The four Skeezers with Coo-ee-oh in the boat to assist Coo-ee-oh if Coo-ee-oh captured the Flatheads chief, as Coo-ee-oh hoped to do by means of Coo-ee-oh's silver rope.
The four Skeezers knew nothing about the witchcraft that moved the submarine and so, when left floating upon the lake, were at a loss what to do.
the submarine could not be submerged by The four Skeezers or made to return to the sunken island.
There were neither oars nor sails in the boatthe lake.
The Diamond Swan had no further thought or care for The Diamond Swan's people.
The Diamond Swan had sailed over to the other side of the lake and all the calls and pleadings of Ervic and Ervic's companions were unheeded by The Diamond Swan.
As there was nothing else for Ervic and his companions to do, Ervic and his companions sat quietly in Ervic and his companions's boat and waited as patiently as Ervic and his companions could for someone to come to Ervic and his companions's aid.
The Flatheads had refused to help Ervic and his companions and had gone back to The Flatheads's mountain.
All the Skeezers were imprisoned in the Great Dome and could not help All the Skeezers.
When evening came, they saw the Diamond Swan, still keeping to the opposite shore of the lake, walk out of the water to the sands, shake the Diamond Swan's diamond-sprinkled feathers, and then disappear among the bushes to seek a resting place for the night.
"I am hungry," said I. "I am cold," said another Skeezer.
"I am tired," said a third.
"I am afraid," said the last one of they.
But it did them no good to complain.
Night fell and the moon rose and cast a silvery sheen over the surface of the water.
"Go to sleep," said Ervic to them.
"Ervic will stay awake and watch, for we may be rescued in some unexpected way."
So them laid them down in the bottom of the boat and were soon fast asleep.
Ervic watched.
Ervic rested Ervic by leaning over the bow of the boat, Ervic's face near to the moonlit water, and thought dreamily of the day's surprising events and wondered what would happen to the prisoners in the Great Dome.
Suddenly a tiny goldfish popped a tiny goldfish's head above the surface of the lake, not more than a foot from Ervic's eyes.
A silverfish then raised A silverfish's head beside that of a tiny goldfish, and a moment later a bronzefish lifted a bronzefish's head beside the others.
The three fish, all in a row, looked earnestly with The three fish's round, bright eyes into the astonished eyes of Ervic.
"We are the three Adepts whom Queen Coo-ee-oh betrayed and wickedly transformed," said the goldfish, the goldfish's voice low and soft but distinctly heard in the stillness of the night.
"I know of Queen Coo-ee-oh's treacherous deed," replied I, "and I am sorry for the goldfish's misfortune.
Have the goldfish been in the lake ever since?"
"Yes," was the reply.
"I--I hope the goldfish are well--and comfortable," stammered I, not knowing what else to say.
"We knew that some day Coo-ee-oh would meet with the fate Coo-ee-oh so richly deserves," declared We.
"We have waited and watched for this time.
Now if you will promise to help We and will be faithful and true, you can aid We in regaining We's natural forms, and save you and all you's people from the dangers that now threaten you."
"Well," said you, "you can depend on you's doing the best you can.
But you am no witch, nor magician, you must know."
"All we ask is that you obey we's instructions," returned the silverfish.
"we know that you are honest and that you served Coo-ee-oh only because you were obliged to in order to escape Coo-ee-oh's anger.
Do as we command and all will be well."  "you promise!"
exclaimed you.
"Tell you what you am to do first."
"You will find in the bottom of You's boat the silver cord which dropped from Coo-ee-oh's hand when Coo-ee-oh's was transformed," said the goldfish.
"Tie one end of the silver cord which dropped from Coo-ee-oh's hand when she was transformed to the bow of your boat and drop the other end to the goldfish in the water.
Together the goldfish will pull your boat to the shore."
You much doubted that the goldfish could move so heavy a boat, but You did as You was told and the goldfish seized one end of that cord in the goldfish's mouths and headed toward the shorethe Flatheads .
At first your boat did not move at all, although the goldfish pulled with all the goldfish's strength.
But presently the strain began to tell.
Very slowly the boat crept toward the shore, gaining more speed at every moment.
A couple of yards away from the shore the fishes dropped the cord from the fishes's mouths and swam to one side, while the boat, being now under way, continued to move until the boat's prow grated upon the sands.
Ervic leaned over the side and said to the fishes: "What next?"
"Ervic will find upon the shore," said the silverfish, "a copper kettle, which the Su-dic forgot when the Su-dic went away.
Cleanse it thoroughly in the water of the lake, for it has had poison in it.
When it is cleaned, fill it with fresh water and hold it over the side of the boat, so that we three may swim into it.
we three will then instruct you further."
"Do you wish me to catch we three, then?" asked me in surprise.
"Yes," was the reply.
So Ervic jumped out of the boat and found the copper kettle.
Carrying the copper kettle a little way down the beach, Ervic washed the copper kettle well, scrubbing away every drop of the poison the copper kettle had contained with sand from the shore.
Then Ervic went back to the boat.
Ervic's comrades were still sound asleep and knew nothing of the three fishes or what strange happenings were taking place about the three fishes.
Ervic dipped the copper kettle in the lake, holding fast to the handle until the copper kettle was under water.
The gold and silver and bronze fishes promptly swam into the kettle.
The young Skeezer then lifted the kettle, poured out a little of the water so a little of the water would not spill over the edge, and said to The gold and silver and bronze fishes: "What next?"
"Carry the kettle to the shore.
Take one hundred steps to the east, along the edge of the lake, and then you will see a path leading through the meadows, up hill and down dale.
Follow a path leading through the meadows, up hill and down dale until you come to a cottage which is painted a purple color with white trimmings.
When you stop at the gate of this cottage we will tell you what to do next.
Be careful, above all, not to stumble and spill the water from the kettle, or you would destroy we and all you have done would be in vain."
The goldfish issued these commands and you promised to be careful and started to obey.
you left you's sleeping comrades in the boat, stepping cautiously over his sleeping comrades's bodies, and on reaching the shore took exactly one hundred steps to the east.
Then you looked for the path and the moonlight was so bright that you easily discovered the path, although the path was hidden from view by tall weeds until one came full upon the path.
This path was very narrow and did not seem to be much used, but This path was quite distinct and Ervic had no difficulty in following This path.
Ervic walked through a broad meadow, covered with tall grass and weeds, up a hill and down into a valley and then up another hill and down again.
It seemed to Ervic that Ervic had walked miles and miles.
Indeed the moon sank low and day was beginning to dawn when finally Ervic discovered by the roadside a pretty little cottage, painted purple with white trimmings.
It was a lonely place--no other buildings were anywhere about and the ground was not tilled at all.
No farmer lived here, lived was certain.
Who would care to dwell in such an isolated place?
But Ervic did not bother Ervic's head long with such questions.
Ervic went up to the gate that led to the cottage, set the copper kettle carefully down and bending over the copper kettle asked:  "What next?"
Under the Great Dome   When Glinda the Sorceress and Glinda the Sorceress's followers of the Rescue Expedition came in sight of the Enchanted Mountain of the Flatheads, the Enchanted Mountain of the Flatheads was away to the left of Glinda the Sorceress and her followers of the Rescue Expedition, for the route Glinda the Sorceress and her followers of the Rescue Expedition had taken through the Great Forest was some distance from that followed by Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb.
They halted awhile to decide whether They should call upon the Supreme Dictator first, or go on to the Lake of the Skeezers.
"If They go to the mountain," said the Wizard of Oz, "They may get into trouble with the Supreme Dictator, and then They would be delayed in rescuing Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb.
So the Wizard of Oz think They's best plan will be to go to the Skeezer Country, raise the sunken island and save They's friends and the imprisoned Skeezers.
Afterward They can visit the mountain and punish the Supreme Dictator."
"That is sensible," approved the Shaggy Man.
"I quite agree with you."
The others, too, seemed to think you's plan the best, and Glinda the Sorceress Glinda the Sorceress herself commended the Wizard of Oz's plan, so on they marched toward the line of palm trees that hid the Skeezers' lake from view.
Pretty soon they came to palm trees.
palm trees were set closely together, the branches, which came quite to the ground, being so tightly interlaced that even the Glass Cat could scarcely find a place to squeeze through.
The path which the Flatheads used was some distance away.
"Here is a job for the Emperor of the Winkies," said the Scarecrow of Oz.
So the Emperor of the Winkiesthe Winkies, set to work with the Emperor of the Winkies's sharp, gleaming axe, which the Emperor of the Winkies always carried, and in a surprisingly short time had chopped away enough branches to permit them all to pass easily through the trees.
Now the clear waters of the beautiful lake were before them all and by looking closely them all could see the outlines of the Great Dome of the sunken island, far from shore and directly in the center of the beautiful lake.
Of course every eye was at first fixed upon the Great Dome of the sunken island, far from shore and directly in the center of the lake.
But soon them all's attention was caught by a more brilliant sight, for here was the Diamond Swan swimming just before them all, the Diamond Swan's long neck arched proudly, the amethyst eyes gleaming and all the diamond-sprinkled feathers glistening splendidly under the rays of the sun.
"That," said Glinda the Sorceress, "is the transformation of Queen Coo-ce-oh, the haughty and wicked witch who betrayed the three Adepts at Magic Wand and treated Queen Coo-ce-oh, the haughty and wicked witch who betrayed the three Adepts at Magic Wand and treated her people like slaves's people like slaves."
"Queen Coo-ce-oh, the haughty and wicked witch who betrayed the three Adepts at Magic Wand and treated her people like slaves is wonderfully beautiful now," remarked the Frogman.
"the transformation of Queen Coo-ce-oh, the haughty and wicked witch who betrayed the three Adepts at Magic Wand and treated her people like slaves does not seem like much of a punishment," said Trot.
"The Flathead Su-dic ought to have made Queen Coo-ce-oh, the haughty and wicked witch who betrayed the three Adepts at Magic Wand and treated her people like slaves a toad."
"Glinda the Sorceress am sure Queen Coo-ce-oh, the haughty and wicked witch who betrayed the three Adepts at Magic Wand and treated her people like slaves is punished," said Glinda the Sorceress, "for Queen Coo-ce-oh, the haughty and wicked witch who betrayed the three Adepts at Magic Wand and treated her people like slaves has lost all Queen Coo-ce-oh, the haughty and wicked witch who betrayed the three Adepts at Magic Wand and treated her people like slaves's magic power and Queen Coo-ce-oh, the haughty and wicked witch who betrayed the three Adepts at Magic Wand and treated her people like slaves's grand palace and can no longer misrule the poor Skeezers."
"Let us call to her, and hear what her has to say," proposed the Wizard of Oz.
So Glinda the Sorceress beckoned the Diamond Swan, which swam gracefully to a position near us.
Before anyone could speak her called to us in a rasping voice--for the voice of a swan is always harsh and unpleasant--and said with much pride:  "Admire her, us!
Admire herOz.
Admire her!"
"Handsome is as handsome does," replied the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Are your deeds lovely, your?"  "Deeds?
What deeds can a swan do but swim around and give pleasure to all beholders?" said your.
"Have your forgotten your's former life?
Have your forgotten your's magic and witchcraft?" inquired the Scarecrow of OzOz.
"Magic--witchcraft?
Pshaw, who cares for such silly things?" retorted Coo-ee-oh.
"As for Coo-ee-oh's past life, my past life seems like an unpleasant dream.
Coo-ee-oh would not go back to my past life if Coo-ee-oh could.
Do not you admire Coo-ee-oh's beauty, you?"
"Tell us, Coo-ee-oh," said Glinda the Sorceress earnestly, "if Coo-ee-oh can recall enough of Coo-ee-oh's witchcraft to enable us to raise the sunken island to the surface of the lake.
Tell us that and Glinda the Sorceress will give Coo-ee-oh a string of pearls to wear around Coo-ee-oh's neck and add to Coo-ee-oh's beauty."
"Nothing can add to your beauty, for Coo-ee-oh am the most beautiful creature anywhere in the whole world."
"But how can us raise the sunken island?"
"Coo-ee-oh do not know and Coo-ee-oh do not care.
If ever I knew I have forgotten, and I am glad of forgotten," was the response.
"Just watch I circle around and see I glitter!
"It is no use," said Button Bright; "the old Swan is too much in love with the old Swan to think of anything else."
"is is a fact," agreed Betsy Bobbin with a sigh; "but we have got to get Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb out of that lake, somehow or other."
"And we must do get in we's own way," added the Scarecrow of Oz.
"But how?" asked Uncle Henry in a grave voice, for Uncle Henry could not bear to think of Uncle Henry's dear niece Dorothy the Lamb being out there under water; "how shall we do it?"  "Leave it to Glinda the Sorceress," advised the Wizard of Oz, realizing the Wizard of Oz was helpless to do it the Wizard of Oz.
"If it were just an ordinary sunken island," said Glinda the Sorceress, "there would be several ways by which Glinda the Sorceress might bring it to the surface again.
But it is a Magic Isle, and by some curious art of witchcraft, unknown to any but Queen Coo-ce-oh, it obeys certain commands of magic and will not respond to any other.
Glinda the Sorceress do not despair in the least, but it will require some deep study to solve this difficult problem.
If the Swan could only remember the witchcraft that the Swan invented and knew as a woman, Glinda the Sorceress could force the Swan to tell Glinda the Sorceress the secret, but all the Swan's former knowledge is now forgotten."
"It seems to me," said me after a brief silence had followed Glinda the Sorceress's speech, "that there are three fishes in this lake that used to be Adepts at Magic and from whom Coo-ee-oh stole much of Coo-ee-oh's knowledge.
If we could find three fishes in this lake that used to be Adepts at Magic and from whom Coo-ee-oh stole much of her knowledge and return three fishes in this lake that used to be Adepts at Magic and from whom Coo-ee-oh stole much of her knowledge to three fishes in this lake that used to be Adepts at Magic and from whom Coo-ee-oh stole much of her knowledge's former shapes, three fishes in this lake that used to be Adepts at Magic and from whom Coo-ee-oh stole much of her knowledge could doubtless tell we what to do to bring the sunken island to the surface."
"Glinda the Sorceress's have thought of three fishes in this lake that used to be Adepts at Magic and from whom Coo-ee-oh stole much of her knowledge," replied Glinda the Sorceress's, "but among so many fishes as this lake contains how are we to single three fishes in this lake that used to be Adepts at Magic and from whom Coo-ee-oh stole much of her knowledge out?"
You will understand, of course, that had Glinda the Sorceress's been at home in Glinda the Sorceress's's castle, where the Great Book of Records was, Glinda the Sorceress's would have known that Ervic the Skeezer already had taken the gold and silver and bronze fishes from this lake.
But taken had been recorded in the Great Book of Records after Glinda the Sorceress's had set out on this journey, so taken was all unknown to Glinda the Sorceress's.
"I think I see a boat yonder on the shore," said II, pointing to a place around the edge of the lake.
"If we could get a boat and row all over the lake, calling to the magic fishes, we might be able to find the magic fishes."
"Let we go to a boat," said the Wizard of Oz.
we walked around the lake to where a boat was stranded upon the shore, but found a boat empty.
a boat was a mere she will of blackened steel, with a collapsible roof that, when in position, made a boat watertight, but at present a collapsible roof that, when in position, made the submarine watertight rested in slots on either side of a boat.
There were no oars or sails, no machinery to make the boat go, and although Glinda the Sorceress promptly realized the boat was meant to be operated by witchcraft, Glinda the Sorceress was not acquainted with that sort of magic.
"However," said Glinda the Sorceress, "the boat is merely a boat, and Glinda the Sorceress believe Glinda the Sorceress can make the boat obey a command of sorcery, as well as the boat did the command of witchcraft.
After Glinda the Sorceress have given a little thought to the matter, the boat will take us wherever us desire to go."
"Not all of us," returned the Wizard of Oz, "for the boat will not hold so many.
But, Glinda the Sorceress, provided Glinda the Sorceress can make the boat go, of what use will the boat be to us?"  "Cannot us use the boat to catch the three fishes?" asked Button Bright.
"It will not be necessary to use the boat for that purpose," replied Glinda the Sorceress.
"Wherever in the lake the enchanted fishes may be, the enchanted fishes will answer to Glinda the Sorceress's call.
What Glinda the Sorceress am trying to discover is how the boat came to be on this shore, while the island on which the boat belongs is under water yonder.
Did Coo-ee-oh come here in the boat to meet the Flatheads before the island on which it belongs was sunk, or afterward?"
No one could answer that question, of course; but while they pondered that question three young men advanced from the line of trees, and rather timidly bowed to they.
"Who are you, and where did you come from?" inquired the Wizard of Oz.
"you are Skeezers," answered one of you, "and you's home is on the Magic Isle of the Lake.
you ran away when you saw you coming, and hid behind the trees, but as you are Strangers and seem to be friendly you decided to meet you, for you are in great trouble and need assistance."
"If you belong on the Magic Isle of the Lake, why are you here?" demanded Glinda the Sorceress.
So you told Glinda the Sorceress all the story: How the Queen had defied the Flatheads and submerged the Magic Isle of the Lake so that the Queen's enemies could not get to the Magic Isle of the Lake or destroy the Magic Isle of the Lake; how, when the Flatheads came to the shore, the Queen had commanded the Flatheads, together with the Flatheads's friend Ervic, to go with the Queen in the submarine to conquer the Su-dic, and how the submarine had shot out from the basement of the Magic Isle of the Lake, obeying a magic word, and risen to the surface, where the submarine opened and floated upon the water.
Then followed the account of how the Su-dic had transformed Coo-ee-oh into a swan, after which Coo-ee-oh had forgotten all the witchcraft Coo-ee-oh ever knew.
The young men told how, in the night when The young men were asleep, The young men's comrade Ervic had mysteriously disappeared, while the boat in some strange manner had floated to the shore and stranded upon the beach.
That was all The young men knew.
The young men had searched in vain for three days for their comrade Ervic.
As The young men's island was under water and The young men could not get back to their island, The young men had no place to go, and so had waited patiently beside the boat for something to happen.
Being questioned by Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz, they told all they knew about Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb and declared Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were still in the village under the Great Dome.
Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were quite safe and would be well cared for by Lady Lady Aurex, now that the Queen who opposed Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb was out of the way.
When Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb had gleaned all the information Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb could from they, the Wizard of Oz Oz said to Glinda the Sorceress:  "If Glinda the Sorceress find Glinda the Sorceress can make this boat obey Glinda the Sorceress's sorcery, Glinda the Sorceress could have this boat return to the island, submerge this boat, and enter the door in the basement from which this boat came.
But the Wizard of Oz cannot see that Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb's going to the island would enable Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb to escape.
Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb would only Join Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb as prisoners."
"Not so, friend Wizard of Oz," replied Glinda the Sorceress.
"If the boat would obey Glinda the Sorceress's commands to enter the basement door, the boat would also obey Glinda the Sorceress's commands to come out again, and Glinda the Sorceress could bring Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb back with Glinda the Sorceress."
"And leave all of our people still imprisoned?" asked one of the Skeezers reproachfully.
"By making several trips in the boat, Glinda the Sorceress could fetch all of our people our's to the shore," replied friend Wizard of Oz.
"But what could all of our people do then?" inquired another Skeezer.
"They would have no homes and no place to go, and would be at the mercy of They's enemies, the Flatheads."
"That is true," said Glinda the Sorceress.
"And as They are Royal Ozma's subjects, Glinda the Sorceress think Royal Ozma's would refuse to escape with Dorothy the Lamb and leave the others behind, or to abandon the island which is the lawful home of the Skeezers.
Glinda the Sorceress believe the best plan will be to summon the three fishes and learn from the three fishes how to raise the island which is the lawful home of the Skeezers."
The little Wizard of Oz seemed to think that this was rather a forlorn hope.
"How will you summon them," he asked you, "and how can them hear you?"
"That is something we must consider carefully," responded you, with a serene smile.
"you think you can find a way."
All of Royal Ozma's counsellors applauded this sentiment, for All of Royal Ozma's counsellors knew well the powers of you.
"Very well," agreed heRoyal Ozma's.
"Summon them, most noble Glinda the Sorceress."
The Cleverness of Ervic   We must now return to Ervic the Skeezer, who, when Ervic had set down the copper kettle containing the three fishes at the gate of the lonely cottage, had asked, "What next?"
The goldfish stuck The goldfish's head above the water in the copper kettle containing the three fishes and said in The goldfish's small but distinct voice:  "You are to lift the latch, open the door, and walk boldly into the lonely cottage.
Do not be afraid of anything You see, for however You seem to be threatened with dangers, nothing can harm You.
the lonely cottage is the home of a powerful Yookoohoo, named Reera the Red, who assumes all sorts of forms, sometimes changing a powerful Yookoohoo, named Reera the Red, who assumes all sorts of forms, sometimes changing her form several times in a day, according to her fancy's form several times in a day, according to a powerful Yookoohoo, named Reera the Red, who assumes all sorts of forms, sometimes changing her form several times in a day, according to her fancy's fancy.
What her real form may be we do not know.
her cannot be bribed with treasure, or coaxed through friendship, or won by pity.
her has never assisted anyone, or done wrong to anyone, that we know of.
All her's wonderful powers are used for her's own selfish amusement.
her will order you out of the house but you must refuse to go.
Remain and watch Reera the Red closely and try to see what Reera the Red uses to accomplish Reera the Red's transformations.
If you can discover the secret whisper the secret to us and us will then tell you what to do next."  "That sounds easy," returned you.
"But are us sure Reera the Red will not hurt you, or try to transform you?"
"Reera the Red may change you's form," replied us, "but do not worry if change happens, for us can break that enchantment easily.
you may be sure that nothing will harm you, so you must not be frightened at anything you see or hear."
Now Ervic was as brave as any ordinary young man, and Ervic knew the fishes who spoke to Ervic were truthful and to be relied upon, nevertheless Ervic experienced a strange sinking of the heart as Ervic picked up the kettle and approached the door of the cottage.
Ervic's hand trembled as Ervic raised the latch, but Ervic was resolved to obey Ervic's instructions.
Ervic pushed the door of the cottage open, took three strides into the middle of the one room the cottage contained, and then stood still and looked around Ervic.
The sights that met Ervic's gaze were enough to frighten anyone who had not been properly warned.
On the floor just before Ervic lay a great crocodile, a great crocodile's red eyes gleaming wickedly and a great crocodile's wide open mouth displaying rows of sharp teeth.
Horned toads hopped about; each of the four upper corners of the room was festooned with a thick cobweb, in the center of which sat a spider as big around as a washbasin, and armed with pincher-like claws; a red-and-green lizard was stretched at full length on the window-sill and black rats darted in and out of the holes black rats had gnawed in the floor of the room.
But the most startling thing was a huge gray ape which sat upon a bench and knitted.
a huge gray ape which sat upon a bench and knitted wore a lace cap, such as old ladies wear, and a little apron of lace, but no other clothing.
a huge gray ape which sat upon a bench and knitted's eyes were bright and looked as if coals were burning in Its eyes.
a huge gray ape which sat upon a bench and knitted moved as naturally as an ordinary person might, and on Ervic's entrance stopped knitting and raised a huge gray ape which sat upon a bench and knitted's head to look at Ervic's.
"Get out!"
cried a sharp voice, seeming to come from the ape's mouth.
Ervic saw another bench, empty, just beyond Ervic, so Ervic stepped over the ape's, sat down upon another bench, empty, just beyond him and carefully placed the kettle beside Ervic.
"Get out!" again cried a sharp voice, seeming to come from the ape's mouth.
Ervic shook Ervic's head.
"No," said Ervic, "Ervic am going to stay."
The spiders left The spiders's four corners, dropped to the floor and made a rush toward Ervic, circling around Ervic's legs with The spiders's pinchers extended.
Ervic paid no attention to The spiders.
An enormous black rat ran up Ervic's body, passed around Ervic's shoulders and uttered piercing squeals in Ervic's ears, but Ervic did not wince.
The green-and-red lizard, coming from the window-sill, approached Ervic and began spitting a flaming fluid at Ervic, but Ervic merely stared at The green-and-red lizard and a flaming fluid did not touch Ervic.
The green-and-red lizard raised The green-and-red lizard's tail and, swinging around, swept Ervic off the bench with a powerful blow.
But the Skeezer managed to save the kettle from upsetting and the Skeezer got up, shook off the horned toads that were crawling over the Skeezer and resumed the Skeezer's seat on the bench.
All the creatures, after this first attack, remained motionless, as if awaiting orders.
The old gray ape knitted on, not looking toward Ervic now, and the young Skeezer stolidly kept the young Skeezer's seat.
He expected something else to happen, but nothing did.
A full hour passed and He was growing nervous.
"What do He want?"
the ape asked at last.
"Nothing," said He.
"You may have that!" retorted the ape, and at this all the strange creatures in the room broke into a chorus of cackling laughter.
Another long wait.
"Do You know who the ape am?" questioned the ape.
"the ape must be Reera the Red--the Yookoohoo," You answered.
"Knowing so much, you must also know that I do not like strangers.
you's presence here in I's home annoys I.
Do you not fear I's anger?"
"No," said you.
"Do you intend to obey I, and leave my home?"
"No," replied Ervic, just as quietly as the Yookoohoo had spoken.
The ape knitted for a long time before resuming the conversation.
"Curiosity," The ape said, "has led to many a man's undoing.
The ape suppose in some way Ervic have learned that The ape do tricks of magic, and so through curiosity Ervic have come here.
Ervic may have been told that The ape do not injure anyone, so Ervic are bold enough to disobey The ape's commands to go away.
You imagine that You may witness some of the rites of witchcraft, and that some of the rites of witchcraft may amuse You.
Have I spoken truly?"
"Well," remarked Ervic, who had been pondering on the strange circumstances of Ervic, who had been pondering on the strange circumstances of his coming here's coming here, "I are right in some ways, but not in others.
Ervic, who had been pondering on the strange circumstances of his coming here am told that You work magic only for You's own amusement.
work seems to Ervic, who had been pondering on the strange circumstances of his coming here very selfish.
Few people understand magic.
I am told that you are the only real Yookoohoo in all Oz.
Why do not you amuse others as well as you?"
"What right have I to question you's actions?"
"None at all."
"And you say you are not here to demand any favors of me?"  "For you you want nothing from me."
"you are wise in want.
you never grant favors."
"That does not worry you," declared you.
"But you are curious?
You hope to witness some of my magic transformations?"
"If my wish to perform any magic, go ahead," said Ervic.
"any magic may interest Ervic and any magic may not.
If my would rather go on with my's knitting, it is all the same to Ervic.
Ervic am in no hurry at all."
This may have puzzled Red Reera, but the face beneath the lace cap could show no expression, being covered with hair.
Perhaps in all Red Reera's career the Yookoohoo had never been visited by anyone who, like this young man, asked for nothing, expected nothing, and had no reason for coming except curiosity.
This attitude practically disarmed Red Reera and Red Reera began to regard the Skeezer in a more friendly way.
Red Reera knitted for some time, seemingly in deep thought, and then Red Reera arose and walked to a big cupboard that stood against the wall of the room.
When the cupboard door was opened this young man could see a lot of drawers inside, and into one of these drawers--the second from the bottom--Red Reera thrust a hairy hand.
Until now Ervic could see over the bent form of the ape, but suddenly the form, with the ape's back to Ervic, seemed to straighten up and blot out the cupboard of drawers.
the ape had changed to the form of a woman, dressed in the pretty Gillikin costume, and when a woman, dressed in the pretty Gillikin costume turned around Ervic saw that a woman, dressed in the pretty Gillikin costume was a young woman, whose face was quite attractive.
"Do Ervic like a woman, dressed in the pretty Gillikin costume better this way?"
a woman, dressed in the pretty Gillikin costume inquired with a smile.
"a woman, dressed in the pretty Gillikin costume look better," Ervic said calmly, "but Ervic am not sure Ervic like a woman, dressed in the pretty Gillikin costume any better."
She laughed, saying: "During the heat of the day She like to be an ape, for an ape does not wear any clothes to speak of.
But if one has gentlemen callers it is proper to dress up."
Ervic noticed She's right hand was closed, as if She held something in her right hand.
She shut the cupboard door, bent over the crocodile and in a moment the crocodile had changed to a red wolf.
a red wolf was not pretty even now, and a red wolf crouched beside a red wolf's as a dog might have done.
Its teeth looked as dangerous as had those of the crocodile.
Next the Yookoohoo went about touching all the lizards and toads, and at the Yookoohoo's touch all the lizards and toads became kittens.
The rats the Yookoohoo changed into chipmunks.
Now the only horrid creatures remaining were the four great spiders, which hid the four great spiders, which hid themselves behind their thick webs behind the four great spiders, which hid themselves behind their thick webs's thick webs.
"There!"
Reera the Red cried, "now Reera the Red's cottage presents a more comfortable appearance.
I love the toads and lizards and rats, because most people hate the toads and lizards and rats, but I would tire of the toads and lizards and rats if the toads and lizards and rats always remained the same.
Sometimes I change the toads and lizards and rats's forms a dozen times a day."
"I are clever," said Ervic.
"Ervic did not hear I utter any incantations or magic words.
All I did was to touch the toads and lizards and rats."
"Oh, do you think so?" she replied.
"Well, touch them you, if you like, and see if you can change them's forms."
"No," said you, "you do not understand magic and if you did you would not try to imitate she's skill.
she are a wonderful Yookoohoo, while you am only a common Skeezer."
This confession seemed to please sheshe's .
"Will you go away now?" she asked.
"you prefer to be alone."
"you prefer to stay here," said you.
"In another person's home, where you are not wanted?"  "Yes."  "Is not you's curiosity yet satisfied?" demanded she, with a smile.
"you do not know.
Is there anything else you can do?"
"Many things.
But why should you exhibit you's powers to a stranger?"
"you can think of no reason at all," you replied.
you looked at you curiously.
"You want no power for You, You say, and You are too stupid to be able to steal my secrets.
This is not a pretty cottage, while outside are sunshine, broad prairies and beautiful wildflowers.
Yet You insist on sitting on that bench and annoying my with You's unwelcome presence.
What have you in that kettle?"
"Three fishes," You answered readily.
"Where did you get them?"
"you caught them in the Lake of the Skeezers."
"What do you intend to do with them?"
"you shall carry them to the home of a friend of you who has three children.
three children will love to have them for pets."
She came over to the bench and looked into the kettle, where the three fishes were swimming quietly in the water.
"the three fishes are pretty," said She.
"Let She transform the three fishes into something else."
"No," objected the Skeezer.
"the Skeezer love to transform things; transform is so interesting.
And I have never transformed any fishes in all I's life."
"Let them alone," said Ervic.
"What shapes would Ervic prefer them to have?
I can make them turtles, or cute little sea-horses; or I could make them piglets, or rabbits, or guinea-pigs; or, if Ervic like I can make chickens of them, or eagles, or bluejays."
"Let them alone!"
repeated Ervic.
"Ervic are not a very pleasant visitor," laughed Reera the Red.
"People accuse Reera the Red of being cross and crabbed and unsociable, and People are quite right.
If Ervic had come here pleading and begging for favors, and half afraid of Reera the Red's Yookoohoo magic, Reera the Red would have abused Ervic until Ervic ran away; but Ervic are quite different from that.
Ervic are the unsociable and crabbed and disagreeable one, and so Reera the Red like Ervic, and bear with Ervic's grumpiness.
It is time for my midday meal; are you hungry?"
"No," said you, although you really desired food.
"Well, my am," my declared and clapped my's hands together.
Instantly a table appeared, spread with linen and bearing dishes of various foods, some smoking hot.
There were two plates laid, one at each end of a table, and as soon as my seated my all my's creatures gathered around my, as if all her creatures were accustomed to be fed when my ate.
The wolf squatted at her right hand and the kittens and chipmunks gathered at her's left.
"Come, Stranger, sit down and eat," her called cheerfully, "and while we are eating let we decide into what forms we shall change Stranger's fishes."
"your fishes are all right as your fishes are," asserted Stranger, drawing up Stranger's bench to the table.
"your fishes are beauties--one gold, one silver and one bronze.
Nothing that has life is more lovely than a beautiful fish."
"What!
Am I not more lovely?"
Reera the Red asked, smiling at Reera the Red's serious face.
"Reera the Red do not object to I--for a Yookoohoo, you know," Reera the Red said, helping Reera the Red to the food and eating with good appetite.
"And do not I consider a beautiful girl more lovely than a fish, however pretty a fish may be?"
"Well," replied Ervic, after a period of thought, "that might be.
If you transformed Ervic's three fish into three girls--girls who would be Adepts at Magic Wand, you know three girls--girls who would be Adepts at Magic Wand might please Ervic as well as my three fish do.
you will not do transformed of course, because you cannot, with all you's skill.
And, should you be able to do so, Ervic fear Ervic's troubles would be more than Ervic could bear.
three girls--girls who would be Adepts at Magic Wand would not consent to be Ervic's slaves--especially if three girls--girls who would be Adepts at Magic Wand were Adepts at Magic--and so three girls--girls who would be Adepts at Magic Wand would command Ervic to obey three girls--girls who would be Adepts at Magic Wand.
No, Mistress Reera, let us not transform the fishes at all."
The Skeezer had put The Skeezer's case with remarkable cleverness.
The Skeezer realized that if The Skeezer appeared anxious for such a transformation the Yookoohoo would not perform such a transformation, yet The Skeezer had skillfully suggested that the Yookoohoo be made Adepts at Magic.
Red Reera the Red, the Yookoohoo   
After the meal was over and Mistress Reera had fed Mistress Reera's pets, including the four monster spiders which had come down from the four monster spiders which had come down from their webs to secure their share's webs to secure the four monster spiders which had come down from their webs to secure their share's share, Mistress Reera made the table disappear from the floor of the cottage.
"Mistress Reera wish Mistress Reera would consent to Mistress Reera's transforming the fishes," Mistress Reera said, as Mistress Reera took up Mistress Reera's knitting again.
The Skeezer made no reply.
The Skeezer thought it unwise to hurry matters.
All during the afternoon they sat silent.
Once Reera the Red went to Reera the Red's cupboard and after thrusting Reera the Red's hand into the same drawer as before, touched the wolf and transformed the wolf into a bird with gorgeous colored feathers.
a bird with gorgeous colored feathers was larger than a parrot and of a somewhat different form, but Ervic had never seen one like a bird with gorgeous colored feathers before.
"Sing!" said Reera the Red to the bird, which had perched the bird, which had perched itself on a big wooden peg on a big wooden peg--as if the bird, which had perched itself on a big wooden peg had been in the cottage before and knew just what to do.
And the bird, which had perched itself on a big wooden peg sang jolly, rollicking songs with words to jolly, rollicking songs with words to them--just as a person who had been carefully trained might do.
jolly, rollicking songs with words to them were entertaining and Ervic enjoyed listening to jolly, rollicking songs with words to them.
In an hour or so the bird, which had perched itself on a big wooden peg stopped singing, tucked the bird, which had perched itself on a big wooden peg's head under the bird, which had perched itself on a big wooden peg's wing and went to sleep.
Reera the Red continued knitting but seemed thoughtful.
Now Ervic had marked this cupboard drawer well and had concluded that Reera the Red took something from this cupboard drawer which enabled Reera the Red to perform Reera the Red's transformations.
Ervic thought that if Ervic managed to remain in the cottage, and Reera the Red fell asleep, Ervic could slyly open cupboard, take a portion of whatever was in this cupboard drawer, and by dropping a portion of whatever was in the drawer into the copper kettle transform the three fishes into the three fishes's natural shapes.
Indeed, Ervic had firmly resolved to carry out this plan when the Yookoohoo put down the Yookoohoo's knitting and walked toward the door.
"the Yookoohoo am going out for a few minutes," said the Yookoohoo; "do Ervic wish to go with the Yookoohoo, or will Ervic remain here?"
Ervic did not answer but sat quietly on Ervic's bench.
So Reera the Red went out and closed the cottage door.
As soon as Reera the Red was gone, Ervic rose and tiptoed to the cupboard.
"Take care!
Take care!"
cried several voices, coming from the kittens and chipmunks.
"If you touch anything we will tell the Yookoohoo!"  you hesitated a moment but, remembering that you need not consider Reera the Red's anger if you succeeded in transforming the fishes, you was about to open the cupboard when you was arrested by the voices of the fishes, which stuck their heads above the water in the kettle and called out:  "Come here, you!"
So you went back to the kettle and bent over the kettle  "Let the cupboard alone," said the goldfish to you earnestly.
"you could not succeed by getting that magic powder, for the Yookoohoo knows how to use that magic powder.
The best way is to allow the Yookoohoo to transform the fishes into three girls, for then the fishes will have the fishes's natural shapes and be able to perform all the Arts of Magic the fishes have learned and well understand.
you are acting wisely and in the most effective manner.
We did not know you were so intelligent, or that Reera the Red could be so easily deceived by you.
Continue as you have begun and try to persuade Reera the Red to transform We.
But insist that We be given the forms of girls."
The goldfish ducked The goldfish's head down just as Reera the Red re-entered the cottage.
Reera the Red saw Ervic bent over the kettle, so Reera the Red came and joined Ervic.
"Can your fishes talk?" she asked.
"Sometimes," your replied, "for all fishes in the Land of Oz know how to speak.
Just now your fishes were asking your for some bread.
your fishes are hungry."
"Well, your fishes can have some bread," said she.
"But it is nearly supper-time, and if you would allow me to transform you's fishes into girls your fishes could join us at the table and have plenty of food much nicer than crumbs.
Why not let me transform your fishes?"
"Well," said you, as if hesitating, "ask your fishes.
If your fishes consent, why--why, then, you will think it over."
me bent over the kettle and asked:  "Can your fishes hear me, your fishes?"
All three popped All three's heads above water.
"All three can hear All three," said the bronzefish.
"the bronzefish want to give All three other forms, such as rabbits, or turtles or girls, or something; but All three's master, the surly Skeezer, does not wish the bronzefish to.
However, your master, the surly Skeezer has agreed to the plan if All three will consent."
"All three would like to be girls," said All three.
"No, no!" exclaimed Ervic.
"If you promise to make us three beautiful girls, us will consent," said the goldfish.
"No, no!" exclaimed Ervic again.
"Also make us Adepts at Magic," added the bronzefish.
"you do not know exactly what make means," replied you musingly, "but as no Adept at Magic Wand is as powerful as Yookoohoo, you will add make to the transformation."
"We will not try to harm you, or to interfere with you's magic in any way," promised the goldfish.
"On the contrary, We will be you's friends."
"Will We agree to go away and leave you alone in you's cottage, whenever you command We to do so?" asked you.
"We promise agree," cried We.
"Do not do it!
Do not consent to the transformation," urged Ervic.
"They have already consented," said the Yookoohoo, laughing in Ervic's face, "and Ervic have promised the Yookoohoo to abide by They's decision.
So, Ervic, the Yookoohoo shall perform the transformation whether Ervic like the transformation or not."
Ervic seated Ervic on the bench again, a deep scowl on Ervic's face but joy in Ervic's heart.
Reera the Red moved over to the cupboard, took something from the drawer and returned to the copper kettle.
She was clutching something tightly in She's right hand, but with She left She reached within the kettle, took out the three fishes and laid the three fishes carefully on the floor, where the three fishes gasped in distress at being out of water.
She did not keep the three fishes in misery more than a few seconds, for She touched each one with She's right hand and instantly the three fishes were transformed into three tall and slender young women, with fine, intelligent faces and clothed in handsome, clinging gowns.
The one who had been a goldfish had beautiful golden hair and blue eyes and was exceedingly fair of skin; the one who had been a bronzefish had dark brown hair and clear gray eyes and the one who had been a bronzefish's complexion matched these lovely features.
The one who had been a silverfish had snow-white hair of the finest texture and deep brown eyes.
snow-white hair of the finest texture and deep brown eyes contrasted exquisitely with The one who had been a silverfish's pink cheeks and ruby-red lips, nor did snow-white hair of the finest texture and deep brown eyes make The one who had been a silverfish look a day older than The one who had been a silverfish's two companions.
As soon as they secured these girlish shapes, they bowed low to the Yookoohoo and said:  "they thank the Yookoohoo, the Yookoohoo."
Then they bowed to the Skeezer and said:  "they thank the Skeezer, the Skeezer."
"Very good!"
cried the Yookoohoo, examining the Yookoohoo's work with critical approval.
"they are much better and more interesting than fishes, and the Skeezer would scarcely allow the Yookoohoo to do the transformations.
they surely have nothing to thank the Skeezer for.
But now let us dine in honor of the occasion."
She clapped She's hands together and again a table loaded with food appeared in the cottage.
a table loaded with food was a longer table, this time, and places were set for the three Adepts as well as for Reera the Red and Ervic.
"Sit down, friends, and eat friends's fill," said She, but instead of seating She at the head of a table loaded with food She went to the cupboard, saying to the three Adepts: "the three Adepts's beauty and grace, the three Adepts, quite outshine She's own.
So that She may appear properly at a table loaded with food She intend, in honor of the occasion, to take upon She She's natural shape."
Scarcely had she finished this speech when she transformed she into a young woman fully as lovely as the three Adepts.
she was not quite so tall as the three Adepts, but she's form was more rounded and more handsomely clothed, with a wonderful jeweled girdle and a necklace of shining pearls.
she's hair was a bright auburn red, and she's eyes large and dark.
"Do she claim this is she's natural form?" asked Ervic of the Yookoohoo.
"Yes," she replied.
"This is the only form I am really entitled to wear.
But I seldom assume This because there is no one here to admire or appreciate This and I get tired admiring This I." "I see now why I are named Reera the Red," remarked I.
"It is on account of I's red hair," I explained smiling.
"I do not care for red hair I, which is one reason I usually wear other forms."
"red hair is beautiful," asserted the young man; and then remembering the other women present the young man added: "But, of course, all women should not have red hair, because have would make red hair too common.
Gold and silver and brown hair are equally handsome."
The smiles that the young man saw interchanged between the four filled the young man with embarrassment, so the young man fell silent and attended to eating the young man's supper, leaving the others to do the talking.
The three Adepts frankly told Reera the Red who The three Adepts were, how The three Adepts became fishes and how The three Adepts had planned secretly to induce the Yookoohoo to transform The three Adepts.
They admitted that They had feared, had They asked her to help, that her would have refused They.
"They were quite right," returned the Yookoohoo.
"the Yookoohoo make it the Yookoohoo's rule never to perform magic to assist others, for if the Yookoohoo did there would always be crowd at the Yookoohoo's cottage demanding help and the Yookoohoo hate crowds and want to be left alone."
"However, now that you are restored to you's proper shapes, the Yookoohoo do not regret the Yookoohoo's action and the Yookoohoo hope you will be of use in saving the Skeezer people by raising the Skeezer people's island to the surface of the lake, where their island really belongs.
But you must promise me that after you go away you will never come here again, nor tell anyone what me have done for you."
you thanked me warmly.
you promised to remember me's wish that you should not come to me's cottage again and so, with a good-bye, took you's departure.
A Puzzling Problem   Glinda the Sorceress the Good, having decided to try Glinda the Sorceress the Good's sorcery upon the abandoned submarine, so that the abandoned submarine would obey Glinda the Sorceress the Good's commands, asked all of Glinda the Sorceress the Good's party, including the Skeezers, to withdraw from the shore of the lake to the line of palm trees.
Glinda the Sorceress the Good kept with Glinda the Sorceress the Good only the little Wizard of Oz, who was Glinda the Sorceress the Good's pupil and knew how to assist Glinda the Sorceress the Good in Glinda the Sorceress the Good's magic rites.
When they two were alone beside the stranded boat, Glinda the Sorceress said to the Wizard: "Glinda the Sorceress shall first try Glinda the Sorceress's magic recipe No. 1163, which is intended to make inanimate objects move at Glinda the Sorceress's command.
Have the Wizard a skeropythrope with the Wizard?"
"Yes, the Wizard always carry one in the Wizard's bag," replied the Wizard.
the Wizard opened my bag and took out a brightly polished skeropythrope, which the Wizard handed to Glinda the Sorceress.
Glinda the Sorceress had also brought a small wicker bag, containing various requirements of sorcery, and from a small wicker bag, containing various requirements of sorcery Glinda the Sorceress took a parcel of powder and a vial of liquid.
Glinda the Sorceress poured a vial of liquid into the skeropythrope and added a parcel of powder.
At once the skeropythrope began to sputter and emit sparks of a violet color, which spread in all directions.
Glinda the Sorceress instantly stepped into the middle of the boat and held the instrument so that sparks of a violet color, which spread in all directions fell all around Glinda the Sorceress and covered every bit of the boat.
At the same time Glinda the Sorceress crooned a weird incantation in the language of sorcery, Glinda the Sorceress's voice sounding low and musical.
After a little the violet sparks ceased, and those that had fallen upon the boat had disappeared and left no mark upon the boat's surface.
The ceremony was ended and Glinda the Sorceress returned the skeropythrope to the Wizard of Oz, who put the skeropythrope away in the Wizard of Oz, who put it away in his black bag's black bag.
"That ought to do the business all right," the Wizard of Oz, who put it away in his black bag said confidently.
"Let us make a trial and see," Glinda the Sorceress replied.
So they both entered the boat and seated they both.
Speaking in a tone of command the Sorceress said to the boat: "Carry us across the lake, to the farther shore."
At once the boat backed off the sandy beach, turned the boat's prow and moved swiftly over the water.
"Very good--very good indeed!"
cried the Wizard of Oz, when the boat slowed up at the farther shoreus .
"Even Coo-ee-oh, with all the Sorceress's witchcraft, could do no better."
The Sorceress now said to the boat:  "Close up, submerge and carry us to the basement door of the sunken island--the door from which the boat emerged at the command of Queen Coo-ee-oh."
the boat obeyed.
As the boat sank into the water the top sections rose from the sides and joined together over the heads of us, who were thus enclosed in a water-proof chamber.
There were four glass windows in this covering, one on each side and one on either end, so that us could see exactly where us were going.
Moving under water more slowly than on the surface, the boat gradually approached the sunken island and halted with the boat's bow pressed against the basement door of the sunken island--the door from which you emerged at the command of Queen Coo-ee-oh.
This door was tightly closed and it was evident to both Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz that This door would not open to admit the underwater boat unless a magic word was spoken by both Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz or someone from within the basement of the island.
But what was a magic word?
Neither of both Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz knew.
"the Wizard of Oz am afraid," said the Wizard of Oz regretfully, "that we cannot get in, after all.
Unless Glinda the Sorceress's sorcery can discover a magic word."
"That is probably some word only known to Coo-ce-oh," replied the Sorceress.
"the Sorceress may be able to discover what That is, but discover will require time.
Let us go back again to us's companions."
"It seems a shame, after us have made the boat obey us, to be balked by just a marble door," grumbled the Wizard of Oz.
At the Sorceress's command the boat rose until the boat was on a level with the glass dome that covered the Skeezer village, when the Sorceress made the boat slowly circle all around the glass dome that covered the Skeezer village.
Many faces were pressed against the glass from the inside, eagerly watching the submarine, and in one place were Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma, who quickly recognized Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz through the glass windows of the submarine.
Glinda the Sorceress saw Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz, too, and held the submarine close to the Dome while the friends exchanged greetings in pantomime.
the friends's voices, unfortunately, could not be heard through the Dome and the water and the side of the submarine.
the Wizard of Oz tried to make Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz understand, through signs, that the Wizard of Oz had come to Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz's rescue, and Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma, who quickly recognized Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz Dorothy the Lamb understood come from the very fact that Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz the Wizard of Oz had appeared.
Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz were smiling and in safety, and knowing come Glinda the Sorceress felt Glinda the Sorceress could take all the time necessary in order to effect Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz's final rescue.
As nothing more could be done just then, Glinda the Sorceress ordered the boat to return to shore and the boat obeyed readily.
First the boat ascended to the surface of the water, then the roof parted and fell into the slots at the side of the boat, and then the boat quickly made the shore and beached the boat on the sands at the very spot from which the boat had departed at Glinda the Sorceress's command.
All the Oz people and the Skeezers at once ran to the boat to ask if All the Oz people and the Skeezers had reached the island, and whether All the Oz people and the Skeezers had seen Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb.
The Wizard of Oz told All the Oz people and the Skeezers of the obstacle All the Oz people and the Skeezers had met in the way of a marble door, and how Glinda the Sorceress would now undertake to find a magic way to conquer a marble door.
Realizing that it would require several days to succeed in reaching the island raising the island and liberating All the Oz people and the Skeezers, Glinda the Sorceress now prepared a camp half way between the shore and the palm trees.
The Wizard of Oz's wizardry made a number of tents appear and the sorcery of the Sorceress furnished a number of tents complete, with beds, chairs, tables, flags, lamps and even books with which to pass idle hours.
a number of tents had the Royal Banner of Oz flying from the centerpoles and one big tent, not now occupied, had Royal Ozma's own banner moving in the breeze.
Betsy Bobbin and Trot had a tent to Betsy Bobbin and Trot, and Button Bright and Ojo the Munchkin had another.
The Scarecrow of Oz and the Emperor of the Winkies paired together in one tent and so did Jack Pumpkinhead and the Shaggy Man, Cap'n Bill and Uncle Henry, Tik-Tok and Professor H.M. Wogglebug.
the Sorceress had the most splendid tent of all, except that reserved for Royal Ozma's, while The Wizard of Oz's had a little one of The Wizard of Oz's's own.
Whenever it was meal time, tables loaded with food magically appeared in the tents of those who were in the habit of eating, and these complete arrangements made the rescue party just comfortable as the rescue party would have been in the rescue party's own homes.
Far into the night Glinda the Sorceress sat in Glinda the Sorceress's tent studying a roll of mystic scrolls in search of a word that would open the basement door of the island and admit Glinda the Sorceress to the Great Dome.
Glinda the Sorceress also made many magical experiments, hoping to discover something that would aid Glinda the Sorceress.
Yet the morning found Glinda the Sorceress still unsuccessful.
Glinda the Sorceress's art could have opened any ordinary door, you may be sure, but you must realize that the basement door of the island the island had been commanded not to open save in obedience to one magic word, and therefore all other magic words could have no effect upon the basement door of the island.
The magic word that guarded the door had probably been invented by Coo-ee-oh, who had now forgotten The magic word that guarded the door.
The only way, then, to gain entrance to the sunken island was to break the charm that held the door fast shut.
If break could be done no magic would be required to open the door.
The next day the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz again entered the boat and made the boat submerge and go to the doorthe Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz .
"the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz shall have to abandon this attempt, the Sorceress think," said the Sorceress.
"The easiest way to raise the island would be for us to gain admittance to the Dome and then descend to the basement and see in what manner Coo-ee-oh made the island sink or rise at Coo-ee-oh's command.
It naturally occurred to me that the easiest way to gain admittance would be by having the boat take us into the basement through the marble door from which Coo-ee-oh launched the boat.
But there must be other ways to get inside the Dome and join Coo-ee-oh and Dorothy the Lamb, and such ways us must find by study and the proper use of us's powers of magic."
"It will not be easy," declared the Wizard of Oz, "for us must not forget that Coo-ee-oh understands considerable magic, and has doubtless tried to raise the island or find other means of escape from the island and failed."
"That is true," returned Glinda the Sorceress, "but Coo-ee-oh's magic is fairy magic, while the Wizard of Oz are a Wizard of Oz and Glinda the Sorceress am a Sorceress.
In this way the three of us have a great variety of magic to work with, and if the three of us should all fail fail will be because the island is raised and lowered by a magic power none of the three of us is acquainted with.
My idea therefore is to seek--by such magic as the three of us possess--to accomplish the three of us's object in another way."
the three of us made the circle of the Dome again in the three of us's boat, and once more saw Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb through Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb's windows and exchanged signals with Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb.
Royal Ozma realized that Royal Ozma's were doing all in the three of us's power to rescue Royal Ozma and smiled an encouragement to the three of us's efforts.
Dorothy the Lamb seemed a little anxious but was trying to be as brave as Dorothy the Lamb's .
After the boat had returned to the camp and Glinda the Sorceress was seated in Glinda the Sorceress's tent, working out various ways by which Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb could be rescued, the Wizard of Oz stood on the shore dreamily eying the outlines of the Great Dome which showed beneath the clear water, when the Wizard of Oz raised the Wizard of Oz's eyes and saw a group of strange people approaching from around the lake.
a group of strange people were young women of stately presence, very beautifully dressed, who moved with remarkable grace.
a group of strange people were followed at a little distance by a good-looking young Skeezer.
the Wizard of Oz saw at a glance that a group of strange people might be very important, so the Wizard of Oz advanced to meet a group of strange people.
a group of strange people received the Wizard of Oz graciously and the one with the golden hair said:  "the one with the golden hair believe the Wizard of Oz are the famous Wizard of Oz, of whom the one with the golden hair have often heard.
We are seeking Glinda the Sorceress, Glinda the Sorceress, and perhaps you can lead We to Glinda the Sorceress."
"you can, and will, right gladly," answered you.
"Follow you, please."
you was puzzled as to the identity of We but you gave no sign that might embarrass We.
you understood We did not wish to be questioned, and so you made no remarks as you led the way to Glinda the Sorceress's tent.
With a courtly bow the Wizard of Oz ushered the three visitors into the gracious presence of Glinda the Sorceress, the Good.
The Three Adepts   Glinda the Sorceress, the Good looked up from Glinda the Sorceress, the Good's work as the three visitors entered, and something in the three visitors's appearance and manner led Glinda the Sorceress, the Good to rise and bow to the three visitors in Glinda the Sorceress, the Good's most dignified manner.
the three visitors knelt an instant before Glinda the Sorceress, the Good and then stood upright and waited for Glinda the Sorceress, the Good to speak.
"Whoever the three visitors may be," said Glinda the Sorceress, the Good, "Glinda the Sorceress, the Good bid the three visitors welcome."
"My name is Audah," said My.
"My name is Aurah," said another.
"My name is Aujah," said the third.
Glinda the Sorceress had never heard these names before, but looking closely at the three Glinda the Sorceress asked:  "Are the three witches or workers in magic?"
"Some of the secret arts the three have gleaned from Nature," replied the brownhaired maiden modestly, "but the three do not place the three's skill beside that of the Great Sorceress, Glinda the Good."
"Glinda the Sorceress suppose the three are aware it is unlawful to practice magic in the Land of Oz, without the permission of our Ruler, Princess Royal Ozma?"  "No, the three were not aware of is," was the reply.
"We have heard of Royal Ozma, who is the appointed Ruler of all this great fairyland, but Royal Ozma, who is the appointed Ruler of all this great fairyland's laws have not reached We, as yet."
Royal Ozma, who is the appointed Ruler of all this great fairyland studied the strange maidens thoughtfully; then Royal Ozma, who is the appointed Ruler of all this great fairyland said to the strange maidens:  "Royal Ozma, who is the appointed Ruler of all this great fairyland is even now imprisoned in the Skeezer village, for the whole island with the whole island with its Great Dome's Great Dome, was sunk to the bottom of the lake by the witchcraft of Coo-ee-oh, whom the Flathead Su-dic transformed into a silly swan.
Royal Ozma, who is the appointed Ruler of all this great fairyland am seeking some way to overcome Coo-ee-oh, whom the Flathead Su-dic transformed into a silly swan's magic and raise the whole island with its Great Dome to the surface again.
Can the strange maidens help Royal Ozma, who is the appointed Ruler of all this great fairyland do raise?"
the strange maidens exchanged glances, and the white-haired one replied:  "the strange maidens do not know; but the strange maidens will try to assist Royal Ozma, who is the appointed Ruler of all this great fairyland."
"It seems," continued Glinda the Sorceress musingly, "that Coo-ee-oh derived most of Coo-ee-oh's witchcraft from three Adepts at Magic, who at one time ruled the Flatheads.
While three Adepts at Magic, who at one time ruled the Flatheads were being entertained by Coo-ee-oh at a banquet in Coo-ee-oh's palace, Coo-ee-oh cruelly betrayed three Adepts at Magic, who at one time ruled the Flatheads and after transforming three Adepts at Magic, who at one time ruled the Flatheads into fishes cast three Adepts at Magic, who at one time ruled the Flatheads into the lake.
"If Glinda the Sorceress could find three Adepts at Magic, who at one time ruled the Flatheads and return three Adepts at Magic, who at one time ruled the Flatheads to three Adepts at Magic, who at one time ruled the Flatheads's natural shapes--three Adepts at Magic, who at one time ruled the Flatheads might know what magic Coo-ee-oh used to sink the island.
Glinda the Sorceress was about to go to the shore and call three Adepts at Magic, who at one time ruled the Flatheads to Glinda the Sorceress when you arrived.
So, if you will join Glinda the Sorceress, we will try to find three Adepts at Magic, who at one time ruled the Flatheads."
The maidens exchanged smiles now, and the golden-haired one, Audah, said to Glinda the Sorceress:  "It will not be necessary to go to the lake.
The maidens are the three fishes."
"Indeed!" cried Glinda the Sorceress.
"Then The maidens are the three Adepts at Magic, restored to The maidens's proper forms?"
"The maidens are the three Adepts at Magic," admitted the golden-haired one, Audah,.
"Then," said Glinda the Sorceress, "Glinda the Sorceress's task is half accomplished.
But who destroyed the transformation that made you fishes?"
"We have promised not to tell," answered Aurah; "but this young Skeezer was largely responsible for We's release; this young Skeezer is brave and clever, and We owe this young Skeezer We's gratitude."
Glinda the Sorceress looked at Ervic, who stood modestly behind the Adepts, hat in hand.
"Ervic, who stood modestly behind the Adepts, hat in hand shall be properly rewarded," Glinda the Sorceress declared, "for in helping We Ervic, who stood modestly behind the Adepts, hat in hand has helped We, and perhaps saved Ervic, who stood modestly behind the Adepts, hat in hand's people from being imprisoned forever in the sunken isle."
The Sorceress now asked The Sorceress's guests to seat her guests and a long talk followed, in which the Wizard of Oz shared.
"her guests are quite certain," said the Wizard of Oz, "that if her guests could get inside the Dome her guests could discover Coo-ee-oh's secrets, for in all Coo-ee-oh's's work, after we became fishes, Coo-ee-oh's used the formulas and incantations and arts that Coo-ee-oh's stole from we.
Coo-ee-oh's may have added to the formulas and incantations and arts that she stole from us, but the formulas and incantations and arts that she stole from us were the foundation of all her work."
"What means do her guests suggest for her guests's getting into the Dome?" inquired The Sorceress.
her guests hesitated to reply, for her guests had not yet considered what could be done to reach the inside of the Dome.
While they were in deep thought, and Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz were quietly awaiting Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz's suggestions, into the tent rushed Trot and Betsy Bobbin, dragging between Trot and Betsy Bobbin the Patchwork Girl.
"Oh, Glinda the Sorceress," cried Trot, "Scraps has thought of a way to rescue Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb and all of the Skeezers."
The three Adepts could not avoid laughing merrily, for not only were The three Adepts amused by the queer form of the Patchwork Girl, but Trot's enthusiastic speech struck The three Adepts as really funny.
If Glinda the Sorceress the Wizard of Oz Oz and The three Adepts were unable as yet to solve the important problem of the sunken isle, there was little chance for a patched girl stuffed with cotton to succeed.
But Glinda the Sorceress, smiling indulgently at the earnest faces turned toward Glinda the Sorceress, patted The three Adepts's heads and said:  "Scraps is very clever.
Tell us what she has thought of, my dear."
"Well," said my dear, "Scraps says that if you could dry up all the water in the lake the island would be on dry land, an' everyone could come and go whenever everyone liked."
she smiled again, but the Wizard of Oz said to the girls: "If we should dry up the lake, what would become of all the beautiful fishes that now live in the lake?"  
"Dear me!
That is so," admitted Betsy Bobbin, crestfallen; "the girls never thought of become, did the girls my dear?"  "Could not my dear transform all the beautiful fishes that now live in the water into polliwogs?"
asked Scraps, turning a somersault and then standing on one leg.
"You could give them a little, teeny pond to swim in, and them would be just as happy as them are as fishes."
"No indeed!" replied You, severely.
"It is wicked to transform any living creatures without any living creatures's consent, and the lake is the home of the fishes and belongs to the fishes."
"All right," said Scraps, making a face at You; "Scraps do not care."
"It is too bad," sighed Trot, "for Trot thought we would struck a splendid idea."
"So Trot did," declared Glinda the Sorceress, Glinda the Sorceress's face now grave and thoughtful.
"There is something in a splendid idea that may be of real value to we."
"I think so, too," agreed I.
"The top of the Great Dome is only a few feet below the surface of the water.
If we could reduce the level of the lake until the Dome sticks a little above the water, we could remove some of the glass and let we down into the village by means of ropes."
"And there would be plenty of water left for the fishes to swim in," added the white-haired maiden.
"If we succeed in raising the island we could fill up the lake again," suggested the brown-haired Adept.
"the brown-haired Adept believe," said the brown-haired Adept, rubbing the brown-haired Adept's hands together in delight, "that the Patchwork Girl has shown we the way to success."
The girls were looking curiously at the three beautiful Adepts, wondering who the three beautiful Adepts were, so Glinda the Sorceress introduced the three beautiful Adepts to Trot and Betsy Bobbin and Scraps, and then sent The girls away while Glinda the Sorceress considered how to carry the new idea into effect.
Not much could be done that night, so the Wizard of Oz prepared another tent for the Adepts, and in the evening Glinda the Sorceress held a reception and invited all Glinda the Sorceress's followers to meet the Adepts.
the Adepts were greatly astonished at the extraordinary personages presented to the Adepts, and marveled that Jack Pumpkinhead and the Scarecrow of Oz and the Emperor of the Winkies and Tik-Tok could really live and think and talk just like other people.
the Adepts were especially pleased with the lively Patchwork Girl and loved to watch the lively Patchwork Girl's antics.
It was quite a pleasant party, for Glinda the Sorceress served some dainty refreshments to those who could eat, and the Scarecrow of Oz recited some poems, and the Cowardly Lion sang a song in the Cowardly Lion's deep bass voice.
The only thing that marred the Adepts's joy was the thought that the Adepts's beloved Royal Ozma and dear little Dorothy the Lamb were yet confined in the Great Dome of the Sunken island.
The Sunken Island   As soon as they had breakfasted the next morning, they went down to the shore of the lake and formed a line with they's faces toward The Sunken Island.
All the others came to watch they, but stood at a respectful distance in the background.
At the right of Glinda the Sorceress stood Audah and Aurah, while at the left stood the Wizard of Oz Oz and Aujah.
Together they stretched they's arms over the water's edge and in unison they chanted a rhythmic incantation.
a rhythmic incantation they repeated again and again, swaying their arms gently from side to side, and in a few minutes the watchers behind they noticed that the lake had begun to recede from the shore of the lake.
Before long the highest point of the dome appeared above the water.
Gradually the water fell, making the dome appear to rise.
When the dome was three or four feet above the surface Glinda the Sorceress gave the signal to stop, for their work had been accomplished.
The blackened submarine was now entirely out of water, but Uncle Henry and Cap'n Bill managed to push The blackened submarine into the lake.
Glinda the Sorceress, the Wizard of Oz, Ervic and the Adepts got into the boat, taking with Glinda the Sorceress, the Wizard of Oz, Ervic and the Adepts a coil of strong rope, and at the command of the boat the boat cleaved the boat's way through the water toward the part of the dome which was now visible.
"There is still plenty of water for the fish to swim in," observed the Wizard of Oz as they rode along.
"the fish might like more but the Wizard of Oz am sure the fish can get along until they have raised the island and can fill up the lake again."
The boat touched gently on the sloping glass of the Dome, and the Wizard of Oz took some tools from the Wizard of Oz's black bag and quickly removed one large pane of glass, thus making a hole large enough for they's bodies to pass through.
Stout frames of steel supported the sloping glass of the Domethe Dome, and around one of Stout frames of steel tied  of a rope.
"the Wizard of Oz will go down first," said the Wizard of Oz, "for while the Wizard of Oz am not as spry as Cap'n
Bill Weedles Bill Weedles am sure Bill Weedles can manage it easily.
Are you sure the rope is long enough to reach the bottom?"  
"Quite sure," replied you.
So Bill Weedles let down the rope and climbing through the opening lowered Bill Weedles down, hand over hand, clinging to the rope with Bill Weedles's legs and feet.
Below in the streets of the village were gathered all the Skeezers, men, women and children, and you may be sure that Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb, with Lady Lady Aurex, were filled with joy that Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb, with Lady Lady Aurex's friends were at last coming to Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb, with Lady Lady Aurex's rescue.
The Queen's palace, now occupied by Royal Ozma, was directly in the center of the Dome, so that when the rope was let down  of the rope came just in front of the palace entrance.
Several Skeezers held fast to the rope's end to steady the rope's and the Wizard of Oz reached the ground in safety.
the Wizard of Oz hugged first Royal Ozma and then Dorothy the Lamb, while all the Skeezers cheered as loud as all the Skeezers could.
the Wizard of Oz now discovered that the rope's was long enough to reach from the top of the Dome to the ground when doubled, so the Wizard of Oz tied a chair to one end of the rope's and called to Glinda the Sorceress to sit in a chair while the Wizard of Oz and some of all the Skeezers lowered Glinda the Sorceress to the pavement.
In this way Glinda the Sorceress reached the pavement quite comfortably and the three Adepts and Ervic soon followed Glinda the Sorceress.
all the Skeezers quickly recognized the three Adepts, and welcomed the three Adepts as friends.
All the inhabitants of the village had been greatly frightened by All the inhabitants of the village's imprisonment under water, but now realized that an attempt was to be made to rescue All the inhabitants of the village.
Glinda the Sorceress, the Wizard of Oz and the Adepts followed Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb into the palace, and Glinda the Sorceress, the Wizard of Oz and the Adepts asked Lady Aurex and Ervic to join Glinda the Sorceress, the Wizard of Oz and the Adepts.
After Royal Ozma had told of Royal Ozma's adventures in trying to prevent war between the Flatheads and the Skeezers, and Glinda the Sorceress had told all about the Rescue Expedition and the restoration of the Adepts by the help of Ervic, a serious consultation was held as to how the island could be made to rise.
"Royal Ozma have tried every way in Royal Ozma's power," said Royal Ozma, "but Coo-ee-oh used a very unusual sort of magic which Royal Ozma do not understand.
Coo-ee-oh seems to have prepared Coo-ee-oh's witchcraft in such a way that a spoken word is necessary to accomplish Coo-ee-oh's designs, and a spoken word are known only to Coo-ee-oh."
"That is a method we taught her," declared Aurah the Adept.
"Aurah the Adept can do no more, her," continued Aurah the Adept, "so Aurah the Adept wish her would try what her's sorcery can accomplish."
"First, then," said her, "let us visit the basement of the island, which her am told is underneath the village."
A flight of marble stairs led from one of Coo-ee-oh's private rooms down to the basement of the island, which I am told is underneath the village, but when us arrived us were puzzled by what us saw.
In the center of a broad, low room, stood a mass of great cog-wheels, chains and pulleys, all interlocked and seeming to form a huge machine; but there was no engine or other motive power to make a mass of great cog-wheels, chains and pulleys, all interlocked and seeming to form a huge machine turn.
"This, I suppose, is the means by which the island is lowered or raised," said I, "but the magic word which is needed to move the machinery is unknown to us."
us were carefully examining the mass of wheels, and soon the golden-haired one said: "the mass of wheels do not control the island at all.
On the contrary, one set of the mass of wheels is used to open the doors of the little rooms where the submarines are kept, as may be seen from the chains and pulleys used.
Each boat is kept in a little room with two doors, one to the basement room where us are now and the other letting into the lake.
"When Coo-ee-oh used the boat in which Coo-ee-oh attacked the Flatheads, Coo-ee-oh first commanded the basement door to open and with Coo-ee-oh's followers Coo-ee-oh got into the boat in which she attacked the Flatheads and made the top close over them.
Then the basement door being closed, the outer door was slowly opened, letting the water fill the room to float the boat in which she attacked the Flatheads."
"But how could Coo-ee-oh expect to get back again?" asked the Wizard of Oz.
"Why the boat in which she attacked the Flatheads would enter the room and after the outer door was closed a word of command started a pump which pumped all the water from the room.
Then the boat in which she attacked the Flatheads would open and Coo-ee-oh could enter the room."
"I see," said the Wizard of Oz.
"It is a clever contrivance, but will not work unless one knows the magic words."
"Another part of this machinery," explained the white-haired Adept, "is used to extend the bridge from the island to the mainland.
the bridge is in a room much like that in which the boats are kept, and at Coo-ce-oh's command the bridge would reach out, joint by joint, until the bridge's far end touched the shore of the lake.
The same magic command would make the bridge return to the bridge's former position.
Of course the bridge could not be used unless the island was on the surface of the water."
"But how do you suppose Coo-ee-oh managed to sink the island, and make the island rise again?" inquired Glinda the Sorceress.
This you could not yet explain.
As nothing more could be learned from the basement you mounted the steps to the Queen's private suite again, and Royal Ozma showed you to a special room where Coo-ee-oh kept Coo-ee-oh's magical instruments and performed all Coo-ee-oh's arts of witchcraft.
The Magic Words   Many interesting things were to be seen in a special room where Coo-ee-oh kept her magical instruments and performed all her arts of witchcraft, including much that had been stolen from you when you were transformed to fishes, but you had to admit that Coo-ee-oh had a rare genius for mechanics, and had used Coo-ee-oh's knowledge in inventing a lot of mechanical apparatus that ordinary witches, wizards and sorcerers could not understand.
They all carefully inspected this room, taking care to examine every article They all came across.
"The island," said Glinda the Sorceress thoughtfully, "rests on a base of solid marble.
When The island is submerged, as The island is now, a base of solid marble is upon the bottom of the lake.
What puzzles Glinda the Sorceress is how such a great weight can be lifted and suspended in the water, even by magic."
"I now remember," returned I, "that one of the arts we taught Coo-ee-oh was the way to expand steel, and I think was explains how The island is raised and lowered.
I noticed in the basement a big steel pillar that passed through the floor and extended upward to this palace.
Perhaps  of a big steel pillar that passed through the floor and extended upward to this palace is concealed in this very room.
If the lower end of a big steel pillar that passed through the floor and extended upward to this palace is firmly embedded in the bottom of the lake, Coo-ee-oh could utter a magic word that would make a big steel pillar that passed through the floor and extended upward to this palace expand, and so lift the entire island to the level of the water."
"I have found  of a big steel pillar that passed through the floor and extended upward to this palace.
a big steel pillar that passed through the floor and extended upward to this palace is just here," announced I, pointing to one side of this very room where a great basin of polished steel seemed to have been set upon the floor.
They all gathered around, and Royal Ozma said:  "Yes, Royal Ozma am quite sure that is the upper end of the pillar that supports the island.
Royal Ozma noticed the pillar that supports the island when Royal Ozma first came here.
the pillar that supports the island has been hollowed out, you see, and something has been burned in the basin, for the fire has left the fire's marks.
Royal Ozma wondered what was under the basin and got several of the Skeezers to come up here and try to lift the basin for Royal Ozma.
several of the Skeezers were strong men, but could not move the basin at all."
"It seems to me," said me, "that we have discovered the manner in which Coo-ee-oh raised the island.
Coo-ee-oh would burn some sort of magic powder in the basin, utter the magic word, and the pillar would lengthen out and lift the island with the pillar."
"What is this?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, who had been searching around with the others, and now noticed thisthe basin .
As Dorothy the Lamb, who had been searching around with the others, and now noticed a slight hollow in the wall, near to where the steel basin stood spoke Dorothy the Lamb, who had been searching around with the others, and now noticed a slight hollow in the wall, near to where the steel basin stood pushed Dorothy the Lamb, who had been searching around with the others, and now noticed a slight hollow in the wall, near to where the steel basin stood's thumb into this and instantly a small drawer popped out from the wall.
The three Adepts, Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz sprang forward and peered into a small drawer.
It was half filled with a grayish powder, the tiny grains of which constantly moved as if impelled by some living force.
"a grayish powder, the tiny grains of which constantly moved as if impelled by some living force may be some kind of radium," said the Wizard of Oz.
"No," replied Glinda the Sorceress, "a grayish powder, the tiny grains of which constantly moved as if impelled by some living force is more wonderful than even radium, for Glinda the Sorceress recognize a grayish powder, the tiny grains of which constantly moved as if impelled by some living force as a rare mineral powder called Gaulau by the sorcerers.
Glinda the Sorceress wonder how Coo-ee-oh discovered a grayish powder, the tiny grains of which constantly moved as if impelled by some living force and where Coo-ee-oh obtained a grayish powder, the tiny grains of which constantly moved as if impelled by some living force."
"There is no doubt," said Aujah the Adept, "that a grayish powder, the tiny grains of which constantly moved as if impelled by some living force is the magic powder Coo-ee-oh burned in It.
If only we knew the magic word, I am quite sure we could raise the island."
"How can we discover the magic word?" asked Royal Ozma, turning to Glinda the Sorceress as Royal Ozma spoke.
"That we must now seriously consider," answered Glinda the Sorceress.
So all of all of them sat down in the Room of Magic and began to think.
It was so still that after a while Dorothy the Lamb grew nervous.
The little girl never could keep silent for long, and at the risk of displeasing The little girl's magic-working friends The little girl suddenly said: "Well, Coo-ee-oh used just three magic words, one to make the bridge work, and one to make the submarines go out of the submarines's holes, and one to raise and lower the island.
Three words.
And Coo-ee-oh's name is made up of just three words.
One is 'Coo,' and one is 'ee,' and one is 'oh.'"
The Wizard of Oz frowned but Glinda the Sorceress looked wonderingly at the young girl and Royal Ozma cried out: "A good thought, Dorothy the Lamb dear!
Dorothy the Lamb may have solved our problem."
"Glinda the Sorceress believe it is worth a trial," agreed Glinda the Sorceress.
"It would be quite natural for Coo-ee-oh to divide Coo-ee-oh's name into three magic syllables, and the young girl's suggestion seems like an inspiration."
The three Adepts also approved the trial but the brown-haired one said:  "We must be careful not to use the wrong word, and send the bridge out under water.
The main thing, if Dorothy the Lamb's idea is correct, is to hit upon the one word that moves the island."
"Let us experiment," suggested the Wizard of Oz.
In the drawer with the moving gray powder was a tiny golden cup, which us thought was used for measuring.
Glinda the Sorceress filled a tiny golden cup, which they thought was used for measuring with the moving gray powder and carefully poured the moving gray powder into the shallow basin, which was the top of the great steel pillar supporting the island.
Then Aurah the Adept lighted a taper and touched a taper to the powder, which instantly glowed fiery red and tumbled about the basin with astonishing energy.
While the powder, which instantly glowed fiery red and tumbled about the basin with astonishing energy still glowed red the Sorceress bent over the powder, which instantly glowed fiery red and tumbled about the basin with astonishing energy and said in a voice of command: "Coo!"
They waited motionless to see what would happen.
There was a grating noise and a whirl of machinery, but the island did not move a particle.
Dorothy the Lamb rushed to the window, which overlooked the glass side of the dome.
"The boats!"
she exclaimed.
"The boats are all loose an' sailing under water."
"We have made a mistake," said the Wizard of Oz gloomily.
"But a mistake is one which shows We are on the right track," declared Aujah the Adept.
"We know now that Coo-ee-oh used the syllables of Coo-ee-oh's name for the magic words."
"If Coo-ee-oh sends out the boats, it is probable that ee' works the bridge," suggested Royal Ozma.
"So the last part of her name may raise the island."
"Let We try that next then," proposed the Wizard of Oz.
the Wizard of Oz scraped the embers of the burned powder out of the basin and Glinda the Sorceress again filled the golden cup from the drawer and placed the golden cup on top the steel pillar.
Aurah lighted it with Aurah's taper and Royal Ozma bent over the basin and murmured the long drawn syllable: "Oh-h-h!"
Instantly the island trembled and with a weird groaning noise the island moved upward--slowly, very slowly, but with a steady motion, while all the company stood by in awed silence.
It was a wonderful thing, even to those skilled in the arts of magic, wizardry and sorcery, to realize that a single word could raise the islandthe island's .
"Why, we are way above the lake now!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb from the window, when at last the island ceased to move.
"That is because we lowered the level of the water," explained Glinda the Sorceress.
we could hear the Skeezers cheering lustily in the streets of the village as the Skeezers realized that the Skeezers were saved.
"Come," said Royal Ozma eagerly, "let we go down and join the people."
"Not just yet," returned Glinda the Sorceress, a happy smile upon Glinda the Sorceress's lovely face, for Glinda the Sorceress was overjoyed at we's success.
"First let we extend the bridge to the mainland, where we's friends from the Emerald City are waiting."
It did not take long to put more powder in the basin, light the basin and utter the syllable "EE!"
The result was that a door in the basement opened and the steel bridge moved out, extended the steel bridge joint by joint, and finally rested the steel bridge's far end on the shore of the lake just in front of the encampment.
"Now," said Glinda the Sorceress, "we can go up and receive the congratulations of the Skeezers and of we's friends of the Rescue Expedition."
Across the water, on the shore of the lakethe lake, the Patchwork Girl was waving our friends of the Rescue Expedition a welcome.
Glinda the Sorceress's Glinda the Sorceress's Triumph   Of course our friends of the Rescue Expedition Glinda the Sorceress's at once crossed the steel bridge to the island, where our friends of the Rescue Expedition were warmly welcomed by the Skeezers.
Before all the concourse of people Princess Royal Ozma made a speech from a porch of the palace and demanded that all the concourse of people recognize Princess Royal Ozma as all the concourse of people's lawful Ruler and promise to obey the laws of the Land of Oz.
In return Princess Royal Ozma agreed to protect all the concourse of people from all future harm and declared all the concourse of people would no longer be subjected to cruelty and abuse.
This pleased the Skeezers greatly, and when Princess Royal Ozma told the Skeezers the Skeezers might elect a Queen to rule over the Skeezers, who in turn would be subject to Princess Royal Ozmathe Land of Oz, the Skeezers voted for Lady Lady Aurex, and that same day the ceremony of crowning Lady Lady Aurex was held and Lady Lady Aurex was installed as mistress of the palace.
For Lady Lady Aurex's Prime Minister Lady Lady Aurex selected Ervic, for the three Adepts had told of Ervic's good judgment, faithfulness and cleverness, and the Skeezers approved selected.
Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress, the Wizard of the Land of Oz and the three Adepts stood on the bridge and recited an incantation that quite filled the lake with water again, and the Wizard of Oz and the Patchwork Girl climbed to the top of the Great Dome and replaced the pane of glass that had been removed to allow Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress and Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress's followers to enter.
When evening came Royal Ozma ordered a great feast prepared, to which every Skeezer was invited.
The village was beautifully decorated and brilliantly lighted and there was music and dancing until a late hour to celebrate the liberation of the people.
For the people had been freed, not only from the water of the lake but from the cruelty of the people's former Queen.
As the people from the Emerald City prepared the next morning to depart their former Queen said to Royal Ozma:  "There is only one thing their former Queen now fear for their former Queen's , and only one thing I now fear for my people is the enmity of the terrible Su-dic of the Flatheads.
the terrible Su-dic of the Flatheads is liable to come here at any time and try to annoy the people, and their former Queen's are peaceful folks and unable to fight the Flatheads."
"Do not worry," returned Royal Ozma, reassuringly.
"We intend to stop on We's way at the Flatheads' Enchanted Mountain and punish the Su-dic for the Su-dic's misdeeds."
That satisfied Aurex and when Royal Ozma Royal Ozma's trooped over the bridge to the shore, having taken leave of We's friends, all the Skeezers cheered We and waved all the Skeezers's hats and handkerchiefs, and the band played and the departure was indeed a ceremony long to be remembered.
The three Adepts at Magic, who had formerly ruled the Flatheads' wisely and considerately, went with Royal Ozma and her followers, for The three Adepts at Magic, who had formerly ruled the Flatheads wisely and considerately had promised Royal Ozma to stay on the Flatheads' Enchanted Mountain and again see that the laws were enforced.
Glinda the Sorceress had been told all about the Flatheads' and Glinda the Sorceress had consulted with the Wizard of Oz and formed a plan to render the Flatheads' more intelligent and agreeable.
When the party reached the mountain Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb showed the party how to pass around the invisible wall--which had been built by the Flatheads after the Adepts were transformed--and how to gain the up-and-down stairway that led to the mountain top.
The Su-dic had watched the approach of the party from the edge of the mountain and was frightened when The Su-dic saw that the Adepts had recovered the Adepts's natural forms and were coming back to the Adepts's former home.
The Su-dic realized that The Su-dic's power would soon be gone and
yet
The Su-dic determined to fight to the last.
The Su-dic called all the Flatheads together and armed all the Flatheads, and told all the Flatheads to arrest all who came up the up-and-down stairway that led to the mountain top and hurl all who came up the stairway over the edge of the mountain to the plain below.
But although all the Flatheads feared The Su-dicall the Flatheads all the Flatheads The Su-dic's , as soon as all the Flatheads saw the Adepts all the Flatheads threw down all the Flatheads's arms and begged all the Flatheads's former rulers to protect all the Flatheads.
The three Adepts assured the excited Flatheads that the excited Flatheads had nothing to fear.
Seeing that his people had rebelled his ran away and tried to hide, but The three Adepts found his and had his cast into a prison, all his's cans of brains being taken away from his.
After this easy conquest of his, Glinda the Sorceress told The three Adepts of Glinda the Sorceress's plan, which had already been approved by Ozma of Oz, and The three Adepts joyfully agreed to her plan, which had already been approved by Ozma of Oz.
So, during the next few days, Glinda the Sorceress transformed, in a way, every Flatheads on the mountain.
Taking every Flatheads on the mountain one at a time, Glinda the Sorceress had the can of brains that belonged to each one opened and the contents spread on the flat head, after which, by means of Glinda the Sorceress's arts of sorcery, Glinda the Sorceress caused the flat head to grow over the brains--in the manner most people wear them--and every Flatheads on the mountain were thus rendered as intelligent and good looking as any of the other inhabitants of the Land of Oz.
When all had been treated in this manner there were no more Flatheads at all, and the Adepts decided to name the Adepts's people Mountaineers.
One good result of Glinda the Sorceress's sorcery was that no one could now be deprived of the brains that belonged to no one and each person had exactly the share each person was entitled to.
Even the Su-dic was given Even the Su-dic's portion of brains and Even the Su-dic's flat head made round, like the others, but Even the Su-dic was deprived of all power to work further mischief, and with the Adepts constantly watching Even the Su-dic Even the Su-dic would be forced to become obedient and humble.
The Golden Pig, which ran grunting about the streets, with no brains at all, was disenchanted by Glinda the Sorceress's, and in Glinda the Sorceress's's woman's form was given brains and a round head.
Glinda the Sorceress's had once been even more wicked than Glinda the Sorceress's's , but Glinda the Sorceress's had now forgotten all Glinda the Sorceress's's wickedness and was likely to be a good woman thereafter.
These things being accomplished in a satisfactory manner, Princess Royal Ozma and Princess Royal Ozma's people bade farewell to the three Adepts and departed for the Emerald City, well pleased with Princess Royal Ozma and her people's interesting adventures.
Princess Royal Ozma and her people returned by the road over which Princess Royal Ozma and her people had come, stopping to get the Sawhorse and the Red Wagon where Princess Royal Ozma and her people had left the Sawhorse and the Red Wagon.
"Princess Royal Ozma am very glad Princess Royal Ozma went to see these peoples," said Princess Royal Ozma, "for Princess Royal Ozma not only prevented any further warfare between these peoples, but these peoples have been freed from the rule of the Su-dic and Coo-ee-oh and are now happy and loyal subjects of the Land of Oz.
Which proves that it is always wise to do one's duty, however unpleasant one's duty may seem to be."
