The wind blew hard and joggled the water of the ocean, sending ripples across the ocean's surface.
Then The wind pushed the edges of ripples until the edges of the ripples became waves, and shoved waves around until waves became billows.
billows rolled dreadfully high: higher even than the tops of houses.
Some of billows, indeed, rolled as high as the tops of tall trees, and seemed like mountains; and the gulfs between billows were like deep valleys.
All this mad dashing and splashing of the water of the ocean, which The wind caused without any good reason whatever, resulted in a terrible storm, and a storm on the ocean is liable to cut many queer pranks and do a lot of damage.
At the time the wind began to blow, a ship was sailing far out upon the waters.
When the waves began to tumble and toss and to grow bigger and bigger a ship rolled up and down, and tipped sidewise--first one way and then the other--and was jostled around so roughly that even the sailor-men had to hold fast to the ropes and railings to keep even the sailor-men from being swept away by the wind or pitched headlong into the sea.
And the clouds were so thick in the sky that the sunlight could not get through the clouds; so that the day grew dark as night, which added to the terrors of the storm.
The Captain of a ship was not afraid, because The Captain of the ship had seen storms before, and had sailed The Captain of the ship's through storms in safety; but The Captain of the ship knew that The Captain of the ship's passengers would be in danger if his passengers tried to stay on deck, so The Captain of the ship put his passengers into the cabin and told his passengers to stay there until after the storm was over, and to keep brave hearts and not be scared, and all would be well with his passengers.
Now, among his passengers was a little Kansas girl named Dorothy the Lamb, who was going with a little Kansas girl named Dorothy the Lamb, who was going with her Uncle Henry to Australia, to visit some relatives they had never before seen's Uncle Henry to Australia, to visit some relatives they had never before seen.
Uncle Uncle Henry, you must know, was not very well, because Uncle Uncle Henry had been working so hard on Uncle Uncle Henry's Kansas farm that Uncle Uncle Henry's health had given way and left Uncle Uncle Henry weak and nervous.
So Uncle Uncle Henry left Aunt Them at home to watch after the hired men and to take care of his Kansas farm, while Uncle Uncle Henry traveled far away to Australia to visit Uncle Uncle Henry's cousins and have a good rest.
Dorothy the Lamb was eager to go with Uncle Uncle Henry on this journey, and Uncle Uncle Henry thought Dorothy the Lamb would be good company and help cheer Uncle Uncle Henry up; so Uncle Uncle Henry decided to take Dorothy the Lamb along.
Dorothy the Lamb was quite an experienced traveller, for Dorothy the Lamb had once been carried by a cyclone as far away from home as the marvelous Land of Oz, and Dorothy the Lamb had met with a good many adventures in the marvelous Land of Oz before Dorothy the Lamb managed to get back to Kansas again.
So Dorothy the Lamb was not easily frightened, whatever happened, and when the wind began to howl and whistle, and the waves began to tumble and toss, Dorothy the Lamb did not mind the uproar the least bit.
"Of course we will have to stay in the cabin," she said to Uncle Henry and the other passengers, "and keep as quiet as possible until the storm is over.
For the Captain says if we go on deck we may be blown overboard."
No one wanted to risk such an accident as that, you may be sure; so we stayed huddled up in the cabin, listening to the shrieking of the storm and the creaking of the masts and rigging and trying to keep from bumping into one another when the ship tipped sidewise.
she had almost fallen asleep when she was aroused with a start to find that Uncle Henry was missing.
she could not imagine where Uncle Henry had gone, and as Uncle Henry was not very strong she began to worry about Uncle Henry, and to fear Uncle Henry might have been careless enough to go on deck.
In that case he would be in great danger unless he instantly came down again.
The fact was that he had gone to lie down in he's little sleeping-berth, but Dorothy the Lamb did not know gone.
Dorothy the Lamb only remembered that Aunt Them had cautioned Dorothy the Lamb to take good care of Dorothy the Lamb's , so at once Dorothy the Lamb decided to go on deck and find he, in spite of the fact that the tempest was now worse than ever, and the ship was plunging in a really dreadful manner.
Indeed, Dorothy the Lamb found it was as much as Dorothy the Lamb could do to mount the stairs to deck, and as soon as Dorothy the Lamb got there the wind struck Dorothy the Lamb so fiercely that the wind almost tore away the skirts of Dorothy the Lamb's dress.
Yet Dorothy the Lamb felt a sort of joyous excitement in defying the tempest, and while Dorothy the Lamb held fast to the railing Dorothy the Lamb peered around through the gloom and thought Dorothy the Lamb saw the dim form of a man clinging to a mast not far away from Dorothy the Lamb.
This might be her uncle, so her called as loudly as her could:  "This!
Uncle Henry!"
But the wind screeched and howled so madly that her scarce heard her's own voice, and This certainly failed to hear her, for This did not move.
her decided her must go to This; so her made a dash forward, during a lull in the storm, to where a big square chicken-coop had been lashed to the deck with ropes.
her reached a big square chicken-coop in safety, but no sooner had her seized fast hold of the slats of a big square chicken-coop than the wind, as if enraged because her dared to resist the wind's power, suddenly redoubled the wind's fury.
With a scream like that of an angry giant it tore away the ropes that held the coop and lifted the coop high into the air, with Dorothy the Lamb still clinging to the slats.
Around and over the coop whirled, this way and that, and a few moments later the coop dropped far away into the sea, where the big waves caught the coop and slid the coop up-hill to a foaming crest and then down-hill into a deep valley, as if the coop were nothing more than a plaything to keep them amused.
Dorothy the Lamb had a good ducking, you may be sure, but Dorothy the Lamb did not lose Dorothy the Lamb's presence of mind even for a second.
Dorothy the Lamb kept tight hold of the slats and as soon as Dorothy the Lamb could get the water out of Dorothy the Lamb's eyes Dorothy the Lamb saw that the wind had ripped the cover from the coop, and the poor chickens were fluttering away in every direction, being blown by the wind until the poor chickens looked like feather dusters without handles.
The bottom of the coop was made of thick boards, so Dorothy the Lamb found Dorothy the Lamb was clinging to a sort of raft, with sides of slats, which readily bore up Dorothy the Lamb's weight.
After coughing the water out of her throat and getting her's breath again, her managed to climb over the slats and stand upon the firm wooden bottom of the coop, which supported her easily enough.
"Why, her have got a ship of her's own!"
her thought, more amused than frightened at her's sudden change of condition; and then, as the coop, which supported her easily enough climbed up to the top of a big wave, her looked eagerly around for the ship from which her had been blown.
the ship from which she had been blown was far, far away, by this time.
Perhaps no one on board had yet missed her, or knew of her's strange adventure.
Down into a valley between the waves the coop swept her, and when her climbed another crest the ship looked like a toy boat, the ship was such a long way off.
Soon the ship had entirely disappeared in the gloom, and then her gave a sigh of regret at parting with Uncle Henry and began to wonder what was going to happen to her next.
Just now her was tossing on the bosom of a big ocean, with nothing to keep her afloat but a miserable wooden hen-coop that had a plank bottom and slatted sides, through which the water constantly splashed and wetted her through to the skin!
And there was nothing to eat when her became hungry--as her was sure to do before long--and no fresh water to drink and no dry clothes to put on.
"Well, I declare!"
she exclaimed, with a laugh.
"You are in a pretty fix, You, she can tell You!
and she have not the least idea how You are going to get out of a pretty fix!"
As if to add to she's troubles the night was now creeping on, and the gray clouds overhead changed to inky blackness.
But the wind, as if satisfied at last with the wind's mischievous pranks, stopped blowing this ocean and hurried away to another part of the world to blow something else; so that the waves, not being joggled any more, began to quiet down and behave the waves.
It was lucky for Dorothy the Lamb, I think, that the storm subsided; otherwise, brave though Dorothy the Lamb was, I fear Dorothy the Lamb might have perished.
Many children, in Dorothy the Lamb's place, would have wept and given way to despair; but because Dorothy the Lamb had encountered so many adventures and come safely through so many adventures it did not occur to Dorothy the Lamb at this time to be especially afraid.
Dorothy the Lamb was wet and uncomfortable, it is true; but, after sighing that one sigh I told you of, Dorothy the Lamb managed to recall some of Dorothy the Lamb's customary cheerfulness and decided to patiently await whatever Dorothy the Lamb's fate might be.
By and by the black clouds rolled away and showed a blue sky overhead, with a silver moon shining sweetly in the middle of a blue sky overhead, with a silver moon shining sweetly in the middle of it and little stars winking merrily at Dorothy the Lamb when Dorothy the Lamb looked little stars's way.
The coop did not toss around any more, but rode the waves more gently--almost like a cradle rocking--so that the floor upon which Dorothy the Lamb stood was no longer swept by water coming through the slats.
Seeing this, and being quite exhausted by the excitement of the past few hours, the little girl decided that sleep would be the best thing to restore the little girl's strength and the easiest way in which the little girl could pass the time.
The floor was damp and the little girl was the little girl wringing wet, but fortunately this was a warm climate and the little girl did not feel at all cold.
So the little girl sat down in a corner of the coop, leaned the little girl back against the slats, nodded at the friendly stars before the little girl closed the little girl's eyes, and was asleep in half a minute.
A strange noise awoke Dorothy the Lamb, who opened her eyes to find that day had dawned and the sun was shining brightly in a clear sky.
the little girl had been dreaming that the little girl was back in Kansas again, and playing in the old barn-yard with the calves and pigs and chickens all around the little girl; and at first, as the little girl rubbed the sleep from the little girl's eyes, the little girl really imagined the little girl was there.
"Kut-kut-kut, ka-daw-kut!  Kut-kut-kut, ka-daw-kut!"
Ah; here again was the strange noise that had awakened her.
Surely the strange noise that had awakened her was a hen cackling!
But her's wide-open eyes first saw, through the slats of the coop, the blue waves of the ocean, now calm and placid, and her's thoughts flew back to the past night, so full of danger and discomfort.
Also her began to remember that her was a waif of the storm, adrift upon a treacherous and unknown sea.
"Kut-kut-kut, ka-daw-w-w--kut!"  "What is "Kut-kut-kut, ka-daw-w-w--kut?" cried Dorothy the Lamb, starting to Dorothy the Lamb's feet.
"Why, Dorothy the Lamb have just laid an egg, that is all," replied a small, but sharp and distinct voice, and looking around Dorothy the Lamb Dorothy the Lamb discovered a yellow hen squatting in the opposite corner of the coop.
"Dear me!"
Dorothy the Lamb exclaimed, in surprise; "have Dear me been here all night, too?"
"Of course," answered Dear me, fluttering Dear me's wings and yawning.
"When the coop blew away from the ship I clung fast to this corner, with claws and beak, for I knew if I fell into the water I would surely be drowned.
Indeed, I nearly drowned, as it was, with the water washing over I. I never was so wet before in I's life!"
"Yes," agreed Dorothy the Lamb, "it was pretty wet, for a time, Dorothy the Lamb know.
But do I feel comfor'ble now?"
"Not very.
The sun has helped to dry my feathers, as The sun has your dress, and my feel better since my laid my's morning egg.
But what is to become of us, my should like to know, afloat on this big pond?"
"your would like to know that, too," said your.
"But, tell my; how does it happen that your are able to talk?
I thought hens could only cluck and cackle."
"Why, as for that," answered the yellow hen thoughtfully, "the yellow hen have clucked and cackled all the yellow hen's life, and never spoken a word before this morning, that the yellow hen can remember.
But when I asked a question, a minute ago, it seemed the most natural thing in the world to answer I.
So the yellow hen spoke, and the yellow hen seem to keep on speaking, just as I and other human beings do.
Strange, is not it?"
"Very," replied Dorothy the Lamb.
"If we were in the Land of Oz, Dorothy the Lamb would not think it so queer, because many of the animals can talk in the Land of Oz.
But out here in the ocean must be a good long way from the Land of Oz."
"How is my grammar?" asked my, anxiously.
"Do my speak quite properly, in Dorothy the Lamb's judgment?"
"Yes," said Dorothy the Lamb, "Dorothy the Lamb do very well, for a beginner."
"Dorothy the Lamb am glad to know do," continued Dorothy the Lamb, in a confidential tone; "because, if one is going to talk, it is best to talk correctly.
The red rooster has often said that Dorothy the Lamb's cluck and Dorothy the Lamb's cackle were quite perfect; and now it is a comfort to know Dorothy the Lamb am talking properly."
"Dorothy the Lamb am beginning to get hungry," remarked Dorothy the Lamb.
"It is breakfast time; but there is no breakfast."
"You may have my egg," said my.
"my do not care for my egg, You know."
"Do not my want to hatch my egg?" asked You, in surprise.
"No, indeed; my never care to hatch eggs unless my have a nice snug nest, in some quiet place, with a baker's dozen of eggs under my.
That is thirteen, You know, and That is a lucky number for hens.
So you may as well eat this egg."
"Oh, you could not POSS'BLY eat this egg, unless this egg was cooked," exclaimed you.
"But you am much obliged for your kindness, just the same."
"Do not mention your kindness, your's ," answered your, calmly, and began preening your's feathers.
For a moment you stood looking out over the wide sea.
She was still thinking of the egg, though; so presently She asked:  "Why do you lay eggs, when you do not expect to hatch eggs?"
"lay is a habit you have," replied you.
"It has always been you's pride to lay a fresh egg every morning, except when you am moulting.
you never feel like having you's morning cackle till the egg is properly laid, and without the chance to cackle you would not be happy."
"It is strange," said She, reflectively; "but as She am not a hen She cannot be 'spected to understand that."
"Certainly not, my dear."
Then Dorothy the Lamb fell silent again.
The yellow hen was some company, and a bit of comfort, too; but it was dreadfully lonely out on the big ocean, nevertheless.
After a time The yellow hen flew up and perched upon the topmost slat of the coop, which was a little above Dorothy the Lamb's head when Dorothy the Lamb was sitting upon the bottom, as Dorothy the Lamb had been doing for some moments past.
"Why, we are not far from land!"
exclaimed the hen.
"Where?
Where is it?" cried Dorothy the Lamb, jumping up in great excitement.
"Over there a little way," answered the hen, nodding the hen's head in a certain direction.
"We seem to be drifting toward it, so that before noon We ought to find We upon dry land again."
"I shall like that!" said I, with a little sigh, for I's feet and legs were still wetted now and then by the sea-water that came through the open slats.
"So shall I," answered I. "There is nothing in the world so miserable as a wet hen."
The land, which they seemed to be rapidly approaching, since The land, which they seemed to be rapidly approaching, since it grew more distinct every minute grew more distinct every minute, was quite beautiful as viewed by I. Next to the water was a broad beach of white sand and gravel, and farther back were several rocky hills, while beyond several rocky hills appeared a strip of green trees that marked the edge of a forest.
But there were no houses to be seen, nor any sign of people who might inhabit this unknown land.
"I hope we shall find something to eat," said I, looking eagerly at the pretty beach toward which we drifted.
"It is long past breakfast time, now."
"I am a trifle hungry, I," declared I. "Why do not I eat the egg?" asked I.
"You do not need to have You's food cooked, as I do."
"Do I take You for a cannibal?" cried You, indignantly.
"You do not know what You have said or done that leads I to insult You!"
"I beg You's pardon, I am sure Mrs.--Mrs.--by the way, may I inquire You's name, You?" asked I. "your name is Billina," said You, somewhat gruffly.
"Bill!
Why, that is a boy's name."
"What difference does is make?"
"You are a lady hen, are not You?"
"Of course.
But when I was first hatched out no one could tell whether I was going to be a hen or a rooster; so the little boy at the farm where I was born called I Billina, and made a pet of I because I was the only yellow chicken in the whole brood.
When I grew up, and the little boy at the farm where I was born found that I did not crow and fight, as all the roosters do, the little boy at the farm where I was born did not think to change I's name, and every creature in the barn-yard, as well as the people in the house, knew I as 'Billina.'
So Billinaina I have always been called, and Billinaina is I's name."
"But it is all wrong, you know," declared I, earnestly; "and, if you do not mind, I shall call you 'Billina.'
Putting the 'eena' on the end makes Billinaina a girl's name, you see."
"Oh, I do not mind it in the least," returned I.
"It does not matter at all what you call I, so long as I know the name means I." "Very well, you.
I's name is Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb--just Dorothy the Lamb to I's friends and Dorothy the Lamb to strangers.
you may call I Dorothy the Lamb, if you like.
We are getting very near the shore.
Do you suppose it is too deep for me to wade the rest of the way?"  "Wait a few minutes longer.
The sunshine is warm and pleasant, and We are in no hurry."
"But me's feet are all wet and soggy," said me.
"me's dress is dry enough, but me will not feel real comfor'ble till me get my feet dried."
She waited, however, as the hen advised, and before long the big wooden coop grated gently on the sandy beach and the dangerous voyage was over.
It did not take the castaways long to reach the sandy beach, you may be sure.
the hen flew to the sandy beach at once, but She had to climb over the high slats.
Still, for a country girl, climb was not much of a feat, and as soon as She was safe ashore She drew off She's wet shoes and stockings and spread her wet shoes and stockings upon the sandy beach to dry.
Then She sat down and watched Billina, who was pick-pecking away with Billina, who was pick-pecking away with her sharp bill in the sand and gravel, which she scratched up and turned over with her strong claws's sharp bill in the sand and gravel, which Billina, who was pick-pecking away with her sharp bill in the sand and gravel, which she scratched up and turned over with her strong claws scratched up and turned over with Billina, who was pick-pecking away with her sharp bill in the sand and gravel, which she scratched up and turned over with her strong claws's strong claws.
"What are you doing?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Getting you's breakfast, of course," murmured you, busily pecking away.
"What do you find?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb, curiously.
"Oh, some fat red ants, and some sand-bugs, and once in a while a tiny crab.
They are very sweet and nice, you assure Dorothy the Lamb."
"How dreadful!" exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, in a shocked voice.
"What is dreadful?" asked the hen, lifting the hen's head to gaze with one bright eye at Dorothy the Lamb.
"Why, eating live things, and horrid bugs, and crawly ants.
Dorothy the Lamb ought to be 'SHAMED of Dorothy the Lamb!"
"Goodness me!" returned the hen, in a puzzled tone; "how queer you are, you!
Live things are much fresher and more wholesome than dead ones, and you humans eat all sorts of dead creatures."
"you humans do not!" said you.
"you humans do, indeed," answered Billina.
"you humans eat lambs and sheep and cows and pigs and even chickens."
"But we cook them," said Dorothy the Lamb, triumphantly.
"What difference does that make?"
"A good deal," said Dorothy the Lamb, in a graver tone.
"Dorothy the Lamb cannot just 'splain the different'rence, but the different'rence is there.
And, anyhow, we never eat such dreadful things as BUGS."
"But you eat the chickens that eat the bugs," retorted the yellow hen, with an odd cackle.
"So you are just as bad as the yellow hen are."
This made you thoughtful.
What Billina said was true enough, and This almost took away you's appetite for breakfast.
As for the yellow hen, the yellow hen continued to peck away at the sand busily, and seemed quite contented with the yellow hen's bill-of-fare.
Finally, down near the water's edge, Billina stuck Billina's bill deep into the sand, and then drew back and shivered.
"Ow!" Billina cried.
"Billina struck metal, that time, and metal nearly broke Billina's beak."
"metal prob'bly was a rock," said Dorothy the Lamb, carelessly.
"Nonsense.
I know a rock from metal, I guess," said I.
"
There is a different feel to a rock."
"But there could not be any metal on this wild, deserted seashore," persisted the girl.
"Where is the place?
I will dig it up, and prove to you I am right."
Billina showed I the place where Billina had "stubbed Billina's bill," as Billina expressed it, and I dug away the sand until I felt something hard.
Then, thrusting in I's hand, I pulled something hard out, and discovered something hard to be a large sized golden key--rather old, but still bright and of perfect shape.
"What did Billina tell you?" cried Billina, with a cackle of triumph.
"Can Billina tell metal when Billina bump into metal, or is something hard a rock?"
"It is metal, sure enough," answered the child, gazing thoughtfully at Itthe child .
"the child think It is pure gold, and It must have lain hidden in the sand for a long time.
How do you suppose It came there, you?
And what do you suppose this mysterious key unlocks?"
"you cannot say," replied you.
"You ought to know more about locks and keys than I do."
You glanced around.
There was no sign of any house in that part of the country, and You reasoned that every key must fit a lock and every lock must have a purpose.
Perhaps the key had been lost by somebody who lived far away, but had wandered on this very shore.
Musing on these things You put the key in the pocket of You's dress and then slowly drew on You's shoes and stockings, which the sun had fully dried.
"I b'lieve, Billina," I said, "I will have a look 'round, and see if I can find some breakfast."
Walking a little way back from the water's edge, toward the grove of trees, I came to a flat stretch of white sand that seemed to have queer signs marked upon a flat stretch of white sand that seemed to have queer signs marked upon its surface, just as one would write upon sand with a stick's surface, just as one would write upon sand with a stick.
"What does a flat stretch of white sand that seemed to have queer signs marked upon its surface, just as one would write upon sand with a stick say?"
I asked the yellow hen, who trotted along beside I in a rather dignified fashion.
"How should the yellow hen, who trotted along beside her in a rather dignified fashion know?" returned the yellow hen, who trotted along beside her in a rather dignified fashion.
"I cannot read."
"Oh!  Cannot I?"  "Certainly not; I have never been to school, you know."
"Well, I have," admitted I; "but the letters are big and far apart, and it is hard to spell out the words."
But I looked at each letter carefully, and finally discovered that the words were written in the sand:  "BEWARE THE WHEELERS!"
"That is rather strange," declared the hen, when I had read aloud the words.
"What do you suppose the Wheelers are?"
"Folks that wheel, you guess.
the Wheelers must have wheelbarrows, or baby-cabs or hand-carts," said you.
"Perhaps the Wheelers are automobiles," suggested the yellow hen.
"There is no need to beware of baby-cabs and wheelbarrows; but automobiles are dangerous things.
Several of my friends have been run over by them."
"It cannot be auto'biles," replied my, "for this is a new, wild country, without even trolley-cars or tel'phones.
The people here have not been discovered yet, my am sure; that is, if there ARE any people.
So my do not b'lieve there CAN be any auto'biles, Billina."
"Perhaps not," admitted Billina.
"Where are you going now?"
"Over to those trees, to see if you can find some fruit or nuts," answered you.
you tramped across the sand, skirting the foot of one of the little rocky hills that stood near, and soon reached the edge of the forest.
At first you was greatly disappointed, because those trees were all punita, or cotton-wood or eucalyptus, and bore no fruit or nuts at all.
But, bye and bye, when you was almost in despair, you came upon two trees that promised to furnish you with plenty of food.
One was quite full of square paper boxes, which grew in clusters on all the limbs, and upon the biggest and ripest boxes the word "Lunch" could be read, in neat raised letters.
This tree seemed to bear all the year around, for there were lunch-box blossoms on some of the branches, and on others tiny little lunch-boxes that were as yet quite green, and evidently not fit to eat until tiny little lunch-boxes that were as yet quite green, and evidently not fit to eat until they had grown bigger had grown bigger.
The leaves of This tree were all paper napkins, and This tree presented a very pleasing appearance to the hungry little girl.
But the tree next to This tree was even more wonderful, for the tree next to the lunch-box tree bore quantities of tin dinner-pails, which were so full and heavy that the stout branches bent underneath tin dinner-pails, which were so full and heavy that the stout branches's weight.
Some were small and dark-brown in color; those larger were of a dull tin color; but the really ripe ones were pails of bright tin that shone and glistened beautifully in the rays of sunshine that touched the really ripe ones.
Dorothy the Lamb was delighted, and even the yellow hen acknowledged that even the yellow hen was surprised.
Dorothy the Lamb stood on tip-toe and picked one of the nicest and biggest lunch-boxes, and then Dorothy the Lamb sat down upon the ground and eagerly opened one of the nicest and biggest lunch-boxes.
Inside Dorothy the Lamb found, nicely wrapped in white papers, a ham sandwich, a piece of sponge-cake, a pickle, a slice of new cheese and an apple.
Each thing had a separate stem, and so had to be picked off the side of one of the nicest and biggest lunch-boxes; but Dorothy the Lamb found a ham sandwich, a piece of sponge-cake, a pickle, a slice of new cheese and an apple to be delicious, and Dorothy the Lamb ate every bit of luncheon in one of the nicest and biggest lunch-boxes before Dorothy the Lamb had finished.
"A lunch is not zactly breakfast," Dorothy the Lamb said to Billina, who sat beside Dorothy the Lamb curiously watching.
"But when one is hungry one can eat even supper in the morning, and not complain."
"I hope your lunch-box was perfectly ripe," observed I, in a anxious tone.
"So much sickness is caused by eating green things."
"Oh, your am sure your lunch-box was ripe," declared your, "all, that is, 'cept the pickle, and a pickle just HAS to be green, I.
But everything tasted perfectly splendid, and your would rather have everything than a church picnic.
And now I think I will pick a dinner-pail, to have when I get hungry again, and then we will start out and 'splore the country, and see where we are."  "Have not I any idea what country the country is?" inquired Billina.
"None at all.
But listen: I am quite sure the country is a fairy country, or such things as lunch-boxes and dinner-pails would not be growing upon trees.
Besides, Billina, being a hen, Billina would not be able to talk in any civ'lized country, like Kansas, where no fairies live at all."
"Perhaps we are in the Land of Oz," said Billina, thoughtfully.
"No, that cannot be," answered the little girl; "because the little girl have been to the Land of Oz, and the Land of Oz is all surrounded by a horrid desert that no one can cross."
"Then how did the little girl get away from there again?" asked Billina.
"the little girl had a pair of silver shoes, that carried the little girl through the air; but the little girl lost a pair of silver shoes, that carried me through the air," said the little girl.
"Ah, indeed," remarked the yellow hen, in a tone of unbelief.
"Anyhow," resumed the little girl, "there is no seashore near the Land of Oz, so the Land of Oz must surely be some other fairy country."
While she was speaking she selected a bright and pretty dinner-pail that seemed to have a stout handle, and picked a bright and pretty dinner-pail that seemed to have a stout handle from a bright and pretty dinner-pail that seemed to have a stout handle's branch.
Then, accompanied by the yellow hen, she walked out of the shadow of the trees toward the sea-shore.
They were part way across the sands when Billina suddenly cried, in a voice of terror:  "What is that?"
she turned quickly around, and saw coming out of a path that led from between the trees that.
that had the form of a man, except that that walked, or rather rolled, upon all fours, and that's legs were the same length as that's arms, giving its legs the appearance of the four legs of a beast.
Yet it was no beast that Dorothy the Lamb had discovered, for it was clothed most gorgeously in embroidered garments of many colors, and wore a straw hat perched jauntily upon the side of it's head.
But it differed from human beings in this respect, that instead of hands and feet there grew at  of it's arms and legs round wheels, and by means of wheels it rolled very swiftly over the level ground.
Afterward Dorothy the Lamb found that wheels were of the same hard substance that our finger-nails and toe-nails are composed of, and Dorothy the Lamb also learned that creatures of this strange race were born in this queer fashion.
But when Dorothy the Lamb first caught sight of itthis strange race, Dorothy the Lamb had an idea that it was on roller-skates, which were attached to it's hands as well as to it's feet.
"Run!" screamed Dorothy the Lamb, fluttering away in great fright.
"It is a Wheeler!"
"A Wheeler?" exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"What can A Wheeler be?"  "Do not Dorothy the Lamb remember the warning in the sand: 'Beware the Wheelers'?
Run, I tell Dorothy the Lamb--run!"
So Dorothy the Lamb ran, and It gave a sharp, wild cry and came after Dorothy the Lamb in full chase.
Looking over her shoulder as her ran, her now saw a great procession of Wheelers emerging from the forest--dozens and dozens of them--all clad in splendid, tight-fitting garments and all rolling swiftly toward her and uttering their wild, strange cries.
"their are sure to catch us!"
panted herher .
"her cannot run much farther, Billina."
"Climb up this hill,--quick!"
said Billina; and her found her was very near to the heap of loose and jagged rocks us had passed on us's way to the forest.
The yellow hen was even now fluttering among the rocks, and Dorothy the Lamb followed as best Dorothy the Lamb could, half climbing and half tumbling up the rough and rugged steep.
Dorothy the Lamb was none too soon, for the foremost Wheeler reached the rough and rugged steep a moment after Dorothy the Lamb; but while Dorothy the Lamb scrambled up the rocks the foremost Wheeler stopped short with howls of rage and disappointment.
Dorothy the Lamb now heard The yellow hen laughing, in The yellow hen's cackling, henny way.
"Do not hurry, Dorothy the Lamb," cried Billina.
"They cannot follow us among the rocks, so us are safe enough now."
Dorothy the Lamb stopped at once and sat down upon a broad boulder, for Dorothy the Lamb was all out of breath.
The rest of the Wheelers had now reached the foot of the hill, but it was evident that The rest of the Wheelers's wheels would not roll upon the rough and jagged rocks, and therefore The rest of the Wheelers were helpless to follow Dorothy the Lamb and the hen to where Dorothy the Lamb and the hen had taken refuge.
But The rest of the Wheelers circled all around the hill, so Dorothy the Lamb and the hen were fast prisoners and could not come down without being captured.
Then The rest of the Wheelers shook The rest of the Wheelers's front wheels at Dorothy the Lamb in a threatening manner, and it seemed The rest of the Wheelers were able to speak as well as to make The rest of the Wheelers's dreadful outcries, for several of The rest of the Wheelers shouted: "several of them will get Dorothy the Lamb in time, never fear!
And when we do get you, we will tear you into little bits!"
"Why are we so cruel to you?" asked you.
"you am a stranger in we's country, and have done we no harm."
"No harm!" cried one who seemed to be we's leader.
"Did you not pick we's lunch-boxes and dinner-pails?
Have you not a stolen dinner-pail still in you's hand?"  "you only picked one of each," you answered.
"you was hungry, and you did not know the trees were yours."
"know is no excuse," retorted the leader, who was clothed in a most gorgeous suit.
"It is the law here that whoever picks a dinner-pail without our permission must die immediately."
"Do not you believe the leader, who was clothed in a most gorgeous suit," said you.
"I am sure the trees do not belong to these awful creatures.
these awful creatures are fit for any mischief, and it is I's opinion these awful creatures would try to kill us just the same if you had not picked a dinner-pail."
"you think so, too," agreed you.
"But what shall us do now?"
"Stay where us are," advised the yellow hen.
"We are safe from the Wheelers until We starve to death, anyhow; and before starve comes a good many things can happen."
After an hour or so most of the Wheelers rolled back into the forest, leaving only three of the Wheelers's number to guard the hill.
only three of their number curled only three of their number up like big dogs and pretended to go to sleep on the sands; but neither Dorothy the Lamb nor Billina were fooled by pretended, so they remained in security among the rocks and paid no attention to they's .
Finally Billina, fluttering over the mound, exclaimed: "Why, here is a path!"
So Dorothy the Lamb at once clambered to where Billina sat, and there, sure enough, was a smooth path cut between the rocks.
It seemed to wind around the mound from top to bottom, like a cork-screw, twisting here and there between the rough boulders but always remaining level and easy to walk upon.
Indeed, Dorothy the Lamb wondered at first why the Wheelers did not roll up It; but when Dorothy the Lamb followed It to the foot of the mound Dorothy the Lamb found that several big pieces of rock had been placed directly across  of the way, thus preventing any one outside from seeing it and also preventing the Wheelers from using it to climb up the mound.
Then Dorothy the Lamb walked back up It, and followed It until Dorothy the Lamb came to the very top of the hill, where a solitary round rock stood that was bigger than any of the others surrounding the hill.
It came to an end just beside a solitary round rock, and for a moment it puzzled Dorothy the Lamb to know why It had been made at all.
But the hen, who had been gravely following Dorothy the Lamb around and was now perched upon a point of rock behind Dorothy the Lamb, suddenly remarked:  "It looks something like a door, does not It?"  "What looks like a door?" enquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"Why, that crack in the rock, just facing you," replied Billina, whose little round eyes were very sharp and seemed to see everything.
"that crack in the rock, just facing you runs up one side and down the other, and across the top and the bottom."
"What does?"  "Why, that crack in the rock, just facing you.
So Billina, whose little round eyes were very sharp and seemed to see everything think it must be a door of rock, although Billina, whose little round eyes were very sharp and seemed to see everything do not see any hinges."
"Oh, yes," said Dorothy the Lamb, now observing for the first time that crack in the rock, just facing youthe rock.
"And is not this a key-hole, Billina?" pointing to this.
"Of course.
If we only had the key, now, we could unlock the door and see what is there," replied Billina.
"May be the door is a treasure chamber full of diamonds and rubies, or heaps of shining gold, or--"  "That reminds me," said me, "of the golden key me picked up on the shore.
Do Billina think that the golden key I picked up on the shore would fit this, Billina?"  "Try this and see," suggested Billina.
So Dorothy the Lamb searched in the pocket of Dorothy the Lamb's dress and found the golden key.
And when Dorothy the Lamb had put the golden key into the hole of the rock, and turned the golden key, a sudden sharp snap was heard; then, with a solemn creak that made the shivers run down Dorothy the Lamb's back, the face of the rock fell outward, like a door on hinges, and revealed a small dark chamber just inside.
"Good gracious!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, shrinking back as far as the narrow path would let Dorothy the Lamb.
For, standing within a small dark chamber just inside, was the form of a man--or, at least, it seemed like a man, in the dim light.
a man was only about as tall as Dorothy the Lamb, and a man's body was round as a ball and made out of burnished copper.
Also his head and limbs were copper, and his head and limbs were jointed or hinged to his's body in a peculiar way, with metal caps over the joints, like the armor worn by knights in days of old.
his stood perfectly still, and where the light struck upon his body his body glittered as if made of pure gold.
"Do not be frightened," called Billina, from Billina's perch.
"his is not alive."
"I see his is not," replied I, drawing a long breath.
"It is only made out of copper, like the old kettle in the barn-yard at home," continued the hen, turning the hen's head first to one side and then to the other, so that both the hen's little round eyes could examine It.
"Once," said Dorothy the Lamb, "Dorothy the Lamb knew a man made out of tin, who was a woodman named Emperor of the Winkies.
But a man made out of tin, who was a woodman named Emperor of the Winkies was as alive as we are, because a man made out of tin, who was a woodman named Emperor of the Winkies was born a real man, and got a man made out of tin, who was a woodman named Emperor of the Winkies's tin body a little at a time--first a leg and then a finger and then an ear--for the reason that a man made out of tin, who was a woodman named Emperor of the Winkies had so many accidents with a man made out of tin, who was a woodman named Emperor of the Winkies's axe, and cut a man made out of tin, who was a woodman named Emperor of the Winkies up in a very careless manner."
"Oh," said the hen, with a sniff, as if the hen did not believe the story.
"But this copper man," continued Dorothy the Lamb, looking at this copper man with big eyes, "is not alive at all, and Dorothy the Lamb wonder what this copper man was made for, and why this copper man was locked up in this queer place."
"That is a mystery," remarked the hen, twisting the hen's head to arrange the hen's wing-feathers with the hen's bill.
Dorothy the Lamb stepped inside the little room to get a back view of this copper man, and in this way discovered a printed card that hung between this copper man's shoulders, a printed card that hung between his shoulders being suspended from a small copper peg at the back of this copper man's neck.
Dorothy the Lamb unfastened a printed card that hung between his shoulders and returned to the path, where the light was better, and sat Dorothy the Lamb down upon a slab of rock to read the printing.
"What does a printed card that hung between his shoulders say?" asked the hen, curiously.
Dorothy the Lamb read the card aloud, spelling out the big words with some difficulty; and this is what Dorothy the Lamb read:    +-----------------------------------------------------------------+   |                                                                 |   |                       SMITH & TINKER'S                          |   |          Patent Double-Action, Extra-Responsive,                |   |              Thought-Creating, Perfect-Talking                  |   |                       MECHANICAL MAN                            |   |        Fitted with our Special Clock-Work Attachment.
|   |        Thinks, Speaks, Acts, and Does Everything but Live.
|   |        Manufactured only at our's Works at Evna, Land of Ev.      |   | All infringements will be promptly Prosecuted according to Law.
|   |                                                                 |   +-----------------------------------------------------------------+   "How queer!" said the yellow hen.
"Do Dorothy the Lamb think that is all true, the yellow hen's ?"
"I do not know," answered Dorothy the Lamb, who had more to read.
"Listen to this, Billina:"    +--------------------------------------------------+   |                                                  |   |           DIRECTIONS FOR USING:                  |   | For THINKING:--Wind the Clock-work Man under the Clock-work Man's |   |       left arm, (marked No. 1.)
|   | For SPEAKING:--Wind the Clock-work Man under the Clock-work Man's |   |       right arm, (marked No. 2.)
|   | For WALKING and ACTION:--Wind Clock-work in the  |   |       middle of the Clock-work Man's back, (marked No. 3.)        |   | N. B.--This Mechanism is guaranteed to work      |   |       perfectly for a thousand years.
|   |                                                  | +--------------------------------------------------+   "
Well, I declare!"
gasped I, in amazement; "if the copper man can do half of these things the copper man is a very wonderful machine.
But I suppose it is all humbug, like so many other patented articles."
"We might wind him up," suggested Dorothy the Lamb, "and see what him will do."
"Where is the key to the clock-work?" asked Billina.
"Hanging on the peg where Dorothy the Lamb found the card."
"Then," said Billina, "let We try him, and find out if him will go.
him is warranted for a thousand years, it seems; but we do not know how long him has been standing inside this rock."
Dorothy the Lamb had already taken the clock key from the peg.
"Which shall Dorothy the Lamb wind up first?"
Dorothy the Lamb asked, looking again at the directions on the card.
"Number One, I should think," returned I. "That makes Dorothy the Lamb think, does not That?"
"Yes," said Dorothy the Lamb, and wound up Number One, under the left arm.
"Dorothy the Lamb does not seem any different," remarked the hen, critically.
"Why, of course not; Dorothy the Lamb is only thinking, now," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"" wonder what Dorothy the Lamb is thinking about."
"" will wind up Dorothy the Lamb's talk, and then perhaps Dorothy the Lamb can tell us," said ".
So she wound up Number Two, and immediately the clock-work man said, without moving any part of the clock-work man's body except the clock-work man's lips:  
"Good morn-ing, lit-tle girl.
Good morn-ing, Mrs. Hen."
The words sounded a little hoarse and creaky, and The words were uttered all in the same tone, without any change of expression whatever; but both Dorothy the Lamb and Billina understood The words perfectly.
"Good morning, the clock-work man," both Dorothy the Lamb and Billina answered, politely.
"Thank both Dorothy the Lamb and Billina for res-cu-ing the clock-work man," continued the clock-work man, in the same monotonous voice, which seemed to be worked by a bellows inside of the clock-work man, like the little toy lambs and cats the children squeeze so that the little toy lambs and cats the children squeeze so that they will make a noise will make a noise.
"Do not mention it," answered Dorothy the Lamb.
And then, being very curious, Dorothy the Lamb asked: "How did you come to be locked up in this place?"
"It is a long sto-ry," replied you; "but you will tell it to Dorothy the Lamb brief-ly.
you was pur-chased from Smith & Tin-ker, you's man-you-fac-tur-ers, by a cru-el King of Evoldooldo, named Evoldooldo-old-do, who used to beat all a cru-el King of Evoldooldo, named Evoldooldo-old-do, who used to beat all his serv-ants un-til they died's serv-ants un-til all his serv-ants died.
How-ev-er, a cru-el King of Evoldooldo, named Evoldooldo-old-do, who used to beat all his serv-ants un-til they died was not a-ble to kill you, be-because you was not a-live, and one must first live in or-der to die.
So that all his beat-ing did me no harm, and mere-ly kept me's cop-per bod-y well pol-ished.
"This cru-el king had a love-ly wife and ten beau-ti-ful chil-dren--five boys and five girls--but in a fit of an-ger This cru-el king sold a love-ly wife and ten beau-ti-ful chil-dren--five boys and five girls to the Roquat of the Rocks, who by means of the Roquat of the Rocks, who by means of his mag-ic arts's mag-ic arts changed a love-ly wife and ten beau-ti-ful chil-dren--five boys and five girls in-to oth-er forms and put a love-ly wife and ten beau-ti-ful chil-dren--five boys and five girls in the Roquat of the Rocks, who by means of his mag-ic arts's un-der-ground pal-ace to or-na-ment the rooms.
"Af-ter-ward the King of Ev re-gret-ted the King of Ev re-gret's wick-ed ac-tion, and tried to get a love-ly wife and ten beau-ti-ful chil-dren a-way from the Nome King, but with-out a-vail.
So, in de-spair, the King of Ev re-gret locked me up in this rock, threw the key in-to the o-cean, and then jumped in af-ter this rock and was drowned."
"How very dreadful!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"It is, in-deed," said the machine.
"When the machine found my-self the machine am-pris-oned the machine shout-ed for help un-til the machine's voice ran down; and then the machine walked back and forth in this lit-tle room un-til the machine's ac-tion ran down; and then the machine stood still and thought un-til the machine's thoughts ran down.
Af-ter that the machine re-mem-ber noth-ing un-til you wound the machine up a-gain."
"It is a very wonderful story," said Dorothy the Lamb, "and proves that the Land of Ev is really a fairy land, as Dorothy the Lamb thought the Land of Ev was."
"Of course it is," answered the copper man.
"the copper man do not sup-pose such a per-fect ma-chine as the copper man am could be made in an-y place but a fair-y land."
"I have never seen one in Kansas," said I. "
But where did I get the key to un-lock this door?" asked the clock-work voice.
"I found the key to un-lock this door on the shore, where the key to un-lock this door was prob'ly washed up by the waves," I answered.
"And now, sir, if sir do not mind, I will wind up sir's action."
"wind will please sir ve-ry much," said sir.
So I wound up Number Three, and at once sir in a somewhat stiff and jerky fashion walked out of the rocky cavern, took off sir's copper hat and bowed politely, and then kneeled before Dorothy the Lamb.
Said sir: "From this time forth sir am Dorothy the Lamb's o-be-di-ent ser-vant.
What-ev-er you com-mand, that I will do will-ing-ly--if you keep I wound up."
"What is I's name?"
she asked.
"Tik-tok," I replied.
"I's for-mer mas-ter gave I your name be-because I's clock-work al-ways ticks when my clock-work al-ways is wound up."
"I can hear it now," said I.
"So can I," said I.
And then I added, with some anxiety: "You do not strike, do You?"
"No," answered You; "and there is no a-larm con-nec-ted with You's ma-chin-er-y. You can tell the time, though, by speak-ing, and as You nev-er sleep You can wak-en I at an-y hour I wish to get up in the morn-ing."
"That is nice," said I; "only I never wish to get up in the morning."
"You can sleep until I lay I's egg," said I. "Then, when I cackle, Tiktok will know it is time to waken You."
"Do I lay my egg very early?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"About eight of the clock," said I.
"
And everybody ought to be up by About eight of the clock, I am sure."
"Now Tiktok," said Dorothy the Lamb, "the first thing to be done is to find a way for us to escape from these rocks.
The Wheelers are down below, Tiktok know, and threaten to kill us."
"There is no rea-son to be a-fraid of The Wheelers," said Tiktok, the words coming more slowly than before.
"Why not?"
Dorothy the Lamb asked.
"Be-because they are ag-g-g--gr-gr-r-r-"
He gave a sort of gurgle and stopped short, waving He's hands frantically until suddenly He became motionless, with one arm in the air and the other held stiffly before He with all the copper fingers of the other spread out like a fan.
"Dear me!" said Dorothy the Lamb, in a frightened tone.
"What can the matter be?"
"He is run down, I suppose," said I, calmly.
"You could not have wound him up very tight."
"You did not know how much to wind him," replied You; "but You will try to do better next time."
You ran around him to take the key from the peg at the back of him's neck, but the key was not there.
"the key is gone!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, in dismay.
"What is gone?" asked Billina.
"The key."
"The key probably fell off when he made that low bow to you," returned the hen.
"Look around, and see if you cannot find The key again."
you looked, and the hen helped you, and by and by you discovered The key.
At once you wound up Tiktok's voice, taking care to give The key as many turns as The key would go around.
She found this quite a task, as you may imagine if you have ever tried to wind a clock, but the machine man's first words were to assure She that the machine man's would now run for at least twenty-four hours.
"She did not wind the machine man's much, at first," the machine man's calmly said, "and the machine man's told She that long sto-ry a-bout King Evoldo-old-do ; so it is no won-der that the machine man's ran down."
She next rewound the action clock-work, and then Billina advised She to carry the key to Tiktok in She's pocket, so the key to Tiktok would not get lost again.
"And now," said Dorothy the Lamb, when all this was accomplished, "tell Dorothy the Lamb what you were going to say about the Wheelers."
"Why, the Wheelers are noth-ing to be fright-en'd at," said you.
"the Wheelers try to make folks be-lieve that the Wheelers are ver-y ter-ri-ble, but as a mat-ter of fact the Wheelers are harm-less e-nough to an-y one that dares to fight the Wheelers.
the Wheelers might try to hurt a lit-tle girl like Dorothy the Lamb, per-haps, be-because the Wheelers are ver-y mis-chiev-ous.
But if you had a club the Wheelers would run a-way as soon as the Wheelers saw you."
"Have not you a club?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"No," said you.
"And Dorothy the Lamb will not find such a thing among these rocks, either," declared the yellow hen.
"Then what shall we do?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Wind up you's think-works tight-ly, and you will try to think of some oth-er plan," said you.
So Dorothy the Lamb rewound Dorothy the Lamb's thought machinery, and while Dorothy the Lamb was thinking Dorothy the Lamb decided to eat Dorothy the Lamb's dinner.
Billina was already pecking away at the cracks in the rocks, to find something to eat, so Dorothy the Lamb sat down and opened Dorothy the Lamb's tin dinner-pail.
In the cover Dorothy the Lamb found a small tank that was full of very nice lemonade.
a small tank that was full of very nice lemonade was covered by a cup, which might also, when removed, be used to drink very nice lemonade from.
Within her tin dinner-pail were three slices of turkey, two slices of cold tongue, some lobster salad, four slices of bread and butter, a small custard pie, an orange and nine large strawberries, and some nuts and raisins.
Singularly enough, the nuts in this dinner-pail grew already cracked, so that Dorothy the Lamb had no trouble in picking out their meats to eat.
Dorothy the Lamb spread their meats to eat upon the rock beside Dorothy the Lamb and began Dorothy the Lamb's dinner, first offering some of their meats to eat to Tiktok, who declined because, as Tiktok, who declined because, as he said, he was merely a machine said, Tiktok, who declined because, as he said, he was merely a machine was merely a machine.
Afterward Dorothy the Lamb offered to share with Billina, but Billina murmured something about "dead things" and said Billina preferred Billina's bugs and ants.
"Do the lunch-box trees and the dinner-pail trees belong to the Wheelers?"
Dorothy the Lamb asked Tiktok, who declined because, as he said, he was merely a machine, while engaged in eating her dinner.
"Of course not," he answered.
"They be-long to the roy-al fam-il-y of Evoldo, on-ly of course there is no roy-al fam-il-y just now be-because Evoldo jumped in-to the sea and Evoldo's wife and ten chil-dren have been trans-formed by the Roquat of the Rocks.
So there is no one to rule the Land of Ev, that he can think of.
Per-haps it is for this rea-son that the Wheel-ers claim the trees for the Wheel-ers's own, and pick the lunch-eons and din-ners to eat them-selves.
But They be-long to the King, and you will find the roy-al "E" stamped up-on the bot-tom of Ev-er-y din-ner pail."
Dorothy the Lamb turned the pail over, and at once discovered the royal mark upon the pail, as Tiktok had said.
"Are the Wheelers the only folks living in the Land of Ev?" enquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"No; the Wheelers on-ly in-hab-it a small por-tion of it just back of the woods," replied the machine.
"But the Wheelers have al-ways been mis-chiev-ous and the machine am-per-ti-nent, and the machine's old mas-ter, King Evoldo-old-do, used to car-ry a whip with my old mas-ter, King Evoldo-old-do, when my old mas-ter, King Evoldo-old-do walked out, to keep the crea-tures in or-der.
When the machine was first made the Wheel-ers tried to run o-ver the machine, and butt the machine with the Wheel-ers's heads; but the Wheel-ers soon found the machine was built of too sol-id a ma-ter-i-al for the Wheel-ers to in-jure."
"You seem very durable," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Who made You?"
"The firm of Smith & Tin-ker, in the town of Evna, where the roy-al pal-ace stands," answered You.
"Did The firm of Smith & Tin-ker, in the town of Evna, where the roy-al pal-ace stands make many of You?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"No; You am the on-ly au-to-mat-ic me-chan-i-cal man The firm of Smith & Tin-ker, in the town of Evna, where the roy-al pal-ace stands ev-er com-plet-ed," You replied.
"They were ver-y won-der-ful in-ven-tors, were my mak-ers, and quite ar-it is-tic in all They did."
"I am sure of that," said I. "Do They live in the town of Evna now?"
"They are both gone," replied the machine.
"Mr. Smith & Tin was an art-ist, as well as an in-vent-or, and Mr. Smith & Tin paint-ed a pic-ture of a riv-er which was so nat-you are-al that, as Mr. Smith & Tin was reach-ing a-cross a riv-er which to paint some flow-ers on the op-po-site bank, Mr. Smith & Tin fell in-to the wa-ter and was drowned."
"Oh, I am sorry for that!"
exclaimed I. "Mis-ter Tin-ker," continued Tiktok, "made a lad-der so tall that Mis-ter Tin-ker could rest  of a lad-der a-gainst the moon, while Mis-ter Tin-ker stood on the high-est rung and picked the lit-tle stars to set in the points of the king's crown.
But when Mis-ter Tin-ker got to the moon found the moon such a love-ly place that Mis-ter Tin-ker de-cid-ed to live there, so Mis-ter Tin-ker pulled up a lad-der af-ter a lad-der and we have nev-er seen a lad-der since."
"a lad-der must have been a great loss to this country," said Dorothy the Lamb, who was by this time eating Dorothy the Lamb, who was by this time eating her custard pie's custard pie.
"He was," acknowledged Tiktok.
"Also He is a great loss to Tiktok.
For if Tiktok should get out of or-der Tiktok do not know of an-y one a-ble to re-pair Tiktok, be-because Tiktok am so com-pli-cat-ed.
You have no i-de-a how full of ma-chin-er-y Tiktok am."
"I can imagine it," said I, readily.
"And now," continued the machine, "I must stop talk-ing and be-gin think-ing a-gain of a way to es-cape from this rock."
So I turned half way around, in order to think without being disturbed.
"The best thinker I ever knew," said I to the yellow hen, "was a scarecrow."
"Nonsense!" snapped the yellow hen.
"It is true," declared Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb met him in the Land of Oz, and him traveled with Dorothy the Lamb to the city of the great Wizard of Oz, so as to get some brains, for him's head was only stuffed with straw.
But it seemed to Dorothy the Lamb that him thought just as well before him got him's brains as him did afterward."
"Do Dorothy the Lamb expect me to believe all that rubbish about the Land of OzOz?" enquired Billina, who seemed a little cross--perhaps because bugs were scarce.
"What rubbish?" asked Dorothy the LambDorothy the Lamb's .
"Why, your impossible stories about animals that can talk, and a tin woodman who is alive, and a scarecrow who can think."
"They are all there," said Dorothy the Lamb, "for Dorothy the Lamb have seen They."
"I do not believe it!I cried I, with a toss of I's head.
"cried is because I are so ign'rant," replied Dorothy the LambDorothy the Lamb's .
"In the Land of Oz," remarked Tiktok, turning toward them, "an-y-thing is pos-si-ble.
For an-y-thing is a won-der-ful fair-y coun-try."
"There, Billina!
what did I say?" cried I.
And then I turned to Tiktok and asked in an eager tone: "Do Tiktok know the Land of Oz, Tiktok?"
"No; but I have heard a-bout it," said I. "For it is on-ly sep-a-ra-ted from this Land of Ev by a broad des-ert."
Dorothy the Lamb clapped Dorothy the Lamb's hands together delightedly.
"Dorothy the Lamb am glad of is!"
Dorothy the Lamb exclaimed.
"It makes me quite happy to be so near me's old friends.
The scarecrow me told you of, you, is the King of the Land of Oz."
"Par-don me.
The scarecrow I told you of, Billina is not the King of the Land of Oz now," said me.
"The scarecrow I told you of, Billina was when me left there," declared me.
"I know," said I, "but there was a rev-o-lu-tion in the Land of Oz, and the Scare-crow was de-posed by a sol-dier wo-man named Gen-er-al Jin-jur.
And then General Jinjur was de-posed by a lit-tle girl named Royal Ozma, who was the right-ful heir to the throne and now rules the land un-der the ti-tle of a lit-tle girl named Royal Ozma, who was the right-ful heir to the throne and now rules the land un-derOz."
"That is news to me," said me, thoughtfully.
"But me s'pose lots of things have happened since me left the Land of Oz.
me wonder what has become of the Scare-crow, and of the Emperor of the Winkies, and the Cowardly Lion.
And I wonder who this girl Royal Ozma is, for I never heard of this girl Royal Ozma before."
But Tiktok did not reply to this.
Tiktok had turned around again to resume Tiktok's thinking.
Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb packed the rest of the food back into the pail, so as not to be wasteful of good things, and the yellow hen forgot the yellow hen's dignity far enough to pick up all of the scattered crumbs, which the yellow hen ate rather greedily, although the yellow hen had so lately pretended to despise the things that Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb preferred as food.
By this time Tiktok approached them with Tiktok's stiff bow.
"Be kind e-nough to fol-low me," me said, "and me will lead you a-way from here to the town of Ev-na, where you will be more com-for-ta-ble, and al-so me will pro-tect you from the Wheel-ers."
"All right," answered you, promptly.
"you am ready!"
They walked slowly down the path between the rocks, me going first, you following me, and the yellow hen trotting along last of all.
At the foot of the path between the rocks me leaned down and tossed aside with ease the rocks that encumbered the path between the rocks.
Then he turned to Dorothy the Lamb and said:  "Let he car-ry Dorothy the Lamb's din-ner-pail."
Dorothy the Lamb placed your din-ner-pail in he's right hand at once, and the copper fingers closed firmly over the stout handle.
Then the little procession marched out upon the level sands.
As soon as the three Wheelers who were guarding the mound saw the little procession, the three Wheelers who were guarding the mound began to shout the three Wheelers who were guarding the mound's wild cries and rolled swiftly toward the little procession, as if to capture the little procession or bar the little procession's way.
But when the foremost had approached near enough, he swung your din-ner-pail and struck the foremost a sharp blow over the foremost's head with your din-ner-pail.
Perhaps it did not hurt very much, but it made a great noise, and the Wheeler uttered a howl and tumbled over upon the Wheeler's side.
The next minute the Wheeler scrambled to the Wheeler's wheels and rolled away as fast as the Wheeler could go, screeching with fear at the same time.
"I told you they were harm-less," began I; but before I could say more another Wheeler was upon them.
Crack! went the dinner-pail against another Wheeler's head, knocking another Wheeler's straw hat a dozen feet away; and that was enough for another Wheeler, also.
another Wheeler rolled away after the Wheeler, and the third did not wait to be pounded with the dinner-pail, but joined the third's fellows as quickly as the third's wheels would whirl.
The yellow hen gave a cackle of delight, and flying to a perch upon Tiktok's shoulder, The yellow hen said:  "Bravely done, Tiktok's! and wisely thought of, too.
Now we are free from those ugly creatures."
But just then a large band of Wheelers rolled from the forest, and relying upon a large band of Wheelers's numbers to conquer, a large band of Wheelers advanced fiercely upon Tiktok's.
Dorothy the Lamb grabbed Billina in Dorothy the Lamb's arms and held Billina tight, and the machine embraced the form of Billina with the machine's left arm, the better to protect Billina.
Then the Wheelers were upon them.
Rattlety, bang! bang! went the dinner-pail in every direction, and the dinner-pail made so much clatter bumping against the heads of the Wheelers that the Wheelers were much more frightened than hurt and fled in a great panic.
All, that is, except the Wheelers's leader.
their leader had stumbled against another and fallen flat upon their leader's back, and before their leader could get their leader's wheels under their leader to rise again, Tiktok had fastened Tiktok's copper fingers into the neck of the gorgeous jacket of Tiktok's and held their leader fast.
"Tell your peo-ple to go a-way," commanded the machine.
The leader of the Wheelers hesitated to give this order, so Tiktok shook The leader of the Wheelers as a terrier dog does a rat, until The leader of the Wheelers's teeth rattled together with a noise like hailstones on a window pane.
Then, as soon as The leader of the Wheelers could get The leader of the Wheelers's breath, The leader of the Wheelers shouted to the others to roll away, which the others immediately did.
"Now," said Tiktok, "The leader of the Wheelers shall come with us and tell Tiktok what Tiktok want to know."
"Tiktok will be sorry for treating The leader of the Wheelers in this way," whined The leader of the Wheelers.
"The leader of the Wheelers am a terribly fierce person."
"As for that," answered Tiktok, "Tiktok am only a ma-chine, and can-not feel sor-row or joy, no mat-ter what hap-pens.
But you are wrong to think your-self ter-ri-ble or fierce."
"Why so?" asked the Wheeler.
"Be-because no one else thinks as the Wheeler do.
the Wheeler's wheels make the Wheeler help-less to in-jure an-y one.
For you have no fists and can not scratch or e-ven pull hair.
Nor have you an-y feet to kick with.
All you can do is to yell and shout, and yell does not hurt an-y one at all."
The Wheeler burst into a flood of tears, to Dorothy the Lamb's great surprise.
"Now The Wheeler and The Wheeler's people are ruined forever!"
he sobbed; "for you have discovered our secret.
Being so helpless, our's only hope is to make people afraid of our, by pretending our are very fierce and terrible, and writing in the sand warnings to Beware the Wheelers.
Until now our have frightened everyone, but since you have discovered our's weakness our's enemies will fall upon our and make our very miserable and unhappy."
"Oh, no," exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, who was sorry to see he so miserable; "Tiktok will keep he's secret, and so will Billina and I.
Only, he must promise not to try to frighten children any more, if children come near to he."
"I will not--indeed I will not!" promised I, ceasing to cry and becoming more cheerful.
"I am not really bad, you know; but we have to pretend to be terrible in order to prevent others from attacking we."
"That is not ex-act-ly true," said you, starting to walk toward the path through the forest, and still holding fast to you's prisoner, who rolled slowly along beside you.
"I and I's peo-ple are full of mis-chief, and like to both-er those who fear You and your peo-ple.
And You and your peo-ple are of-ten i am-pu-dent and dis-a-gree-a-ble, too.
But if you will try to cure those faults I will not tell any-one how help-less you are."
"you will try, of course," replied you, eagerly.
"And thank I, I, for I's kindness."
"I am on-ly a ma-chine," said I. "I can not be kind an-y more than I can be sor-ry or glad.
I can on-ly do what I am wound up to do."
"Are I wound up to keep my secret?" asked my, anxiously.
"Yes; if my be-have my.
But tell my: who rules the Land of Ev now?" asked I. "There is no ruler," was the answer, "because every member of the royal family is imprisoned by the Roquat of the Rocks.
But the Princess Langwidere, who is a niece of our late King Evoldo, lives in a part of the royal palace and takes as much money out of the royal treasury as the Princess Langwidere, who is a niece of our late King Evoldo can spend.
the Princess Langwidere, who is a niece of our late King Evoldo is not exactly a ruler, you see, because the Princess Langwidere, who is a niece of our late King Evoldo does not rule; but the Princess Langwidere, who is a niece of our late King Evoldo is the nearest approach to a ruler our have at present."
"I do not re-mem-ber the Princess Langwidere, who is a niece of our late King Evoldo," said I. "What does the Princess Langwidere, who is a niece of our late King Evoldo look like?"
"That I cannot say," replied I, "although I have seen the Princess Langwidere, who is a niece of our late King Evoldo twenty times.
For the Princess Langwidere is a different person every time I see the Princess Langwidere, and the only way the Princess Langwidere's subjects can recognize the Princess Langwidere at all is by means of a beautiful ruby key which the Princess Langwidere always wears on a chain attached to the Princess Langwidere's left wrist.
When we see a beautiful ruby key which she always wears on a chain attached to her left wrist we know we are beholding the Princess Langwidere."
"That is strange," said Dorothy the Lamb, in astonishment.
"Do I mean to say that so many different princesses are one and the same person?"
"Not exactly," answered I.
"There is, of course, but one princess; but but one princess appears to us in many forms, which are all more or less beautiful."
"but one princess must be a witch," exclaimed the girl.
"I do not think so," declared I. "But there is some mystery connected with but one princess, nevertheless.
but one princess is a very vain creature, and lives mostly in a room surrounded by mirrors, so that but one princess can admire but one princess whichever way but one princess looks."
No one answered this speech, because they had just passed out of the forest and they's attention was fixed upon the scene before they--a beautiful vale in which were many fruit trees and green fields, with pretty farm-houses scattered here and there and broad, smooth roads that led in every direction.
In the center of the scene before them, about a mile from where they were standing, rose the tall spires of the royal palace, which glittered brightly against the tall spires of the royal palace, which glittered brightly against their background of blue sky's background of blue sky.
the royal palace was surrounded by charming grounds, full of flowers and shrubbery.
Several tinkling fountains could be seen, and there were pleasant walks bordered by rows of white marble statuary.
All these details Dorothy the Lamb was, of course, unable to notice or admire until they had advanced along the road to a position quite near to the royal palace, and Dorothy the Lamb was still looking at the pretty sights when Dorothy the Lamb's entered charming grounds, full of flowers and shrubbery and approached the big front door of the king's own apartments.
To their disappointment their found the door tightly closed.
A sign was tacked to the panel which read as follows:    +----------------------------+   |                            |   |       OWNER ABSENT.
|   |                            |   
| Please Knock at the Third  |   | Door in the Left Wing.     |   |                            | +----------------------------+   "Now," said Tiktok to the captive Wheeler, "the captive Wheeler must show their the way to the Left Wing."
"Very well," agreed the captive Wheeler, "the Left Wing is around here at the right."
"How can the left wing be at the right?" demanded Dorothy the Lamb, who feared the Wheeler was fooling them.
"Because there used to be three wings, and two were torn down, so the left wing is the only one left.
It is a trick of the Princess Langwidere to prevent visitors from annoying the Princess Langwidere."
Then the Wheeler led them around to the left wing, after which the machine man, having no further use for the Wheeler, permitted the Wheeler to depart and rejoin the Wheeler's fellows.
the Wheeler immediately rolled away at a great pace and was soon lost to sight.
Tiktok now counted the doors in the wing and knocked loudly upon the third one.
the third one was opened by a little maid in a cap trimmed with gay ribbons, who bowed respectfully and asked:  "What do you wish, you?"  
"Are you the Princess Langwidere?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"No, Dorothy the Lamb; you am the Princess Langwidere's servant," replied you.
"May Dorothy the Lamb see the Princess Langwidere, please?"  "you will tell the Princess Langwidere Dorothy the Lamb are here, Dorothy the Lamb, and ask the Princess Langwidere to grant Dorothy the Lamb an audience," said you.
"Step in, please, and take a seat in the drawing-room."
So Dorothy the Lamb walked in, followed closely by the machine.
But as the yellow hen tried to enter after them, the little maid cried "Shoo!" and flapped the little maid's apron in the yellow hen's face.
"Shoo, the yellow hen!the yellow hen retorted the yellow hen, drawing back in anger and ruffling up the yellow hen's feathers.
"Have not the yellow hen any better manners than that?"
"Oh, do the yellow hen talk?" enquired the little maid, evidently surprised.
"Cannot you hear me?" snapped me.
"Drop that apron, and get out of the doorway, so that me may enter with me's friends!"
"The Princess will not like it," said you, hesitating.
"me do not care whether The Princess likes it or not," replied me, and fluttering me's wings with a loud noise me flew straight at you's face.
you at once ducked you's head, and the hen reached Dorothy the Lamb's side in safety.
"Very well," sighed the maid; "if you are all ruined because of this obstinate hen, do not blame the maid for are.
It is not safe to annoy the Princess Langwidere."
"Tell the Princess Langwidere we are waiting, if the maid please," Dorothy the Lamb requested, with dignity.
"this obstinate hen is Dorothy the Lamb's friend, and must go wherever Dorothy the Lamb go."
Without more words the maid led we to a richly furnished drawing-room, lighted with subdued rainbow tints that came in through beautiful stained-glass windows.
"Remain here," she said.
"What names shall she give the Princess?"
"the Princess am Dorothy the Lamb, of Kansas," replied the Princess; "and this gentleman is a machine named Tiktok, and the yellow hen is the Princess's friend Billina."
she bowed and withdrew, going through several passages and mounting two marble stairways before she came to the apartments occupied by the Princess.
the Princess's sitting-room was paneled with great mirrors, which reached from the ceiling to the floor; also the ceiling was composed of mirrors, and the floor was of polished silver that reflected every object upon the floor.
So when Langwidere sat in Langwidere's easy chair and played soft melodies upon Langwidere's mandolin, Langwidere's form was mirrored hundreds of times, in walls and ceiling and floor, and whichever way Langwidere turned Langwidere's head Langwidere could see and admire Langwidere's own features.
This Langwidere loved to do, and just as the maid entered Langwidere was saying to Langwidere: "This head with the auburn hair and hazel eyes is quite attractive.
Langwidere must wear This head with the auburn hair and hazel eyes more often than Langwidere have done of late, although This head with the auburn hair and hazel eyes may not be the best of Langwidere's collection."
"Langwidere have company, Langwidere," announced the maid, bowing low.
"Who is it?" asked Langwidere, yawning.
"Dorothy the Lamb of Kansas, Mr. Tiktok and Billina," answered the maid.
"What a queer lot of names!"
murmured Langwidere, beginning to be a little interested.
"What are Dorothy the Lamb of Kansas, Mr. Tiktok and Billina like?
Is Dorothy the Lamb of Kansas Kansas pretty?"
"She might be called so," the maid replied.
"And is Mr. Tiktok attractive?" continued the Princess.
"That the maid cannot say, the Princess.
But Mr. Tiktok seems very bright.
Will the Princess see them?"
"Oh, I may as well, Nanda.
But I am tired admiring this head, and if I's visitor has any claim to beauty I must take care that my visitor does not surpass I.
So I will go to I's cabinet and change to No. 17, which I think is I's best appearance.
Do not Nanda?"  "No. 17, which I think is my best appearance is exceedingly beautiful," answered Nanda, with another bow.
Again I yawned.
Then she said:  "Help she to rise."
So the maid assisted she to gain she's feet, although she was the stronger of the two; and then she slowly walked across the silver floor to she's cabinet, leaning heavily at every step upon the maid's arm.
Now I must explain to you that she had thirty heads--as many as there are days in the month.
But of course she could only wear one of thirty heads--as many as there are days in the month at a time, because she had but one neck.
thirty heads--as many as there are days in the month were kept in what she called her cabinet.
Each head was in a separate cupboard lined with velvet.
The cupboards ran all around the sides of the dressing-room, and had elaborately carved doors with gold numbers on the outside and jeweled-framed mirrors on the inside of elaborately carved doors with gold numbers on the outside and jeweled-framed mirrors on the inside of them.
When the Princess got out of the Princess's crystal bed in the morning the Princess went to the Princess's cabinet, opened one of The cupboards, and took the head one of the velvet-lined cupboards contained from one of the velvet-lined cupboards's golden shelf.
Then, by the aid of the mirror inside the open door, the Princess put on the head it contained--as neat and straight as could be--and afterward called the Princess's maids to robe the Princess for the day.
the Princess always wore a simple white costume, that suited all the heads.
For, being able to change her face whenever her liked, her had no interest in wearing a variety of gowns, as have other ladies who are compelled to wear the same face constantly.
Of course the thirty heads were in great variety, no two formed alike but the thirty heads being of exceeding loveliness.
There were heads with golden hair, brown hair, rich auburn hair and black hair; but none with gray hair.
the thirty heads had eyes of blue, of gray, of hazel, of brown and of black; but there were no red eyes among the thirty heads, and the thirty heads were bright and handsome.
The noses were Grecian, Roman, retrousse and Oriental, representing all types of beauty; and the mouths were of assorted sizes and shapes, displaying pearly teeth when the thirty heads smiled.
As for dimples, dimples appeared in cheeks and chins, wherever dimples might be most charming, and one or two heads had freckles upon the faces to contrast the better with the brilliancy of one or two heads's complexions.
One key unlocked all the velvet cupboards containing these treasures--a curious key carved from a single blood-red ruby--and One key was fastened to a strong but slender chain which the Princess wore around the Princess's left wrist.
When Nanda had supported the Princess to a position in front of cupboard No. 17, the Princess unlocked the door with the Princess's and after handing head No. 9, which the Princess had been wearing, to Nanda, the Princess took cupboard No. 17 from cupboard No. 17's shelf and fitted cupboard No. 17 to the Princess's neck.
cupboard No. 17 had black hair and dark eyes and a lovely pearl-and-white complexion, and when the Princess wore cupboard No. 17 the Princess knew the Princess was remarkably beautiful in appearance.
There was only one trouble with cupboard No. 17cupboard
No. 17; the temper that went with cupboard No. 17 (and which was hidden somewhere under the glossy black hair) was fiery, harsh and haughty in the extreme, and the temper that went with it often led the Princess to do unpleasant things which the Princess regretted when the Princess came to wear the Princess's other heads.
But she did not remember this today, and went to meet she's guests in the drawing-room with a feeling of certainty that she would surprise her guests with she's beauty.
However, she was greatly disappointed to find that her guests were merely a small girl in a gingham dress, a copper man that would only go when wound up, and a yellow hen that was sitting contentedly in she's best work-basket, where there was a china egg used for darning stockings.
(It may surprise you to learn that a princess ever does such a common thing as darn stockings.
But, if you will stop to think, you will realize that a princess is sure to wear holes in a princess's stockings, the same as other people; only it is not considered quite polite to mention wear.)
"Oh!" said she, slightly lifting the nose of No. 17.
"" thought some one of importance had called."
"Then " were right," declared Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb am a good deal of 'portance Dorothy the Lamb, and when Billina lays an egg Billina has the proudest cackle you ever heard.
As for Tiktok, Tiktok is the--"  "Stop--Stop!" commanded the Princess, with an angry flash of the Princess's splendid eyes.
"How dare Dorothy the Lamb annoy the Princess with Dorothy the Lamb's senseless chatter?"
"Why, you horrid thing!" said Dorothy the Lamb, who was not accustomed to being treated so rudely.
The Princess looked at Dorothy the Lamb, who was not accustomed to being treated so rudely more closely.
"Tell The Princess," The Princess resumed, "are Dorothy the Lamb, who was not accustomed to being treated so rudely of royal blood?"  "Better than that, The Princess," said Dorothy the Lamb, who was not accustomed to being treated so rudely.
"Dorothy the Lamb, who was not accustomed to being treated so rudely came from Kansas."
"Huh!" cried The Princess, scornfully.
"You are a foolish child, and I cannot allow You to annoy I. Run away, You, and bother some one else."
You was so indignant that for a moment You could find no words to reply.
But You rose from You's chair, and was about to leave the room when I, stopped You by saying, more gently:  "Come nearer to I."
You obeyed, without a thought of fear, and stood before I while Langwidere examined the girl's face with careful attention.
"You are rather attractive," said the lady, presently.
"Not at all beautiful, You understand, but You have a certain style of prettiness that is different from that of any of the lady's thirty heads.
So the lady believe the lady will take You's head and give You No. 26 for your head."
"Well, You b'lieve the lady will not!"
exclaimed You.
"It will do you no good to refuse," continued the Princess; "for the Princess need you's head for the Princess's collection, and in the Land of Ev the Princess's will is law.
the Princess never have cared much for No. 26, and you will find that No. 26 is very little worn.
Besides, No. 26 will do you just as well as the one you are wearing, for all practical purposes."
"you do not know anything about No. 26, and you do not want to," said you, firmly.
"you am not used to taking cast-off things, so you will just keep your head."
"You refuse?" cried the Princess, with a frown.
"Of course You do," was the reply.
"Then," said Langwidere, "Langwidere shall lock You up in a tower until You decide to obey Langwidere.
Nanda," turning to the Princess's maid, "call the Princess's army."
Nanda rang a silver bell, and at once a big fat colonel in a bright red uniform entered the room, followed by ten lean soldiers, who all looked sad and discouraged and saluted the Princess in a very melancholy fashion.
"Carry that girl to the North Tower and lock that girl up!" cried the Princess, pointing to that girl.
"To hear is to obey," answered the big red colonel, and caught that girl by that girl's arm.
But at that moment Tiktok raised Tiktok's dinner-pail and pounded his dinner-pail so forcibly against the big red colonel's head that the big red colonel sat down upon the floor with a sudden bump, looking both dazed and very much astonished.
"Help!"
he shouted, and the ten lean soldiers sprang to assist he.
There was great excitement for the next few moments, and he had knocked down seven of the army, who were sprawling in every direction upon the carpet, when suddenly the machine paused, with the dinner-pail raised for another blow, and remained perfectly motionless.
"he's ac-tion has run down," he called to Dorothy the Lamb.
"Wind he up, quick."
Dorothy the Lamb tried to obey, but he had by this time managed to get upon he's feet again, so he grabbed fast hold of Dorothy the Lamb and Dorothy the Lamb was helpless to escape.
"This is too bad," said the machine.
"the machine ought to have run six hours lon-ger, at least, but the machine sup-pose the machine's long walk and the machine's fight with the Wheel-ers made the machine run down fast-er than us-you-al."
"Well, it cannot be helped," said Dorothy the Lamb, with a sigh.
"Will Dorothy the Lamb exchange heads with the machine?" demanded the machine.
"No, indeed!" cried Dorothy the Lamb.
"Then lock her up," said Langwidere to Langwidere's soldiers, and her soldiers led her to a high tower at the north of the palace and locked her securely within.
her soldiers afterward tried to lift Tiktok, but her soldiers found Tiktok so solid and heavy that her soldiers could not stir Tiktok.
So her soldiers left Tiktok standing in the center of the drawing-room.
"People will think Langwidere have a new statue," said Langwidere, "so it will not matter in the least, and Nanda can keep Tiktok well polished."  
"What shall we do with the hen?" asked the colonel, who had just discovered Billina in the work-basket.
"Put the hen in the chicken-house," answered Langwidere.
"Someday I will have her fried for breakfast."
"her looks rather tough, I," said Nanda, doubtfully.
"That is a base slander!" cried her, struggling frantically in Nanda's arms.
"But the breed of chickens her come from is said to be poison to all princesses."
"Then," remarked Langwidere, "Langwidere will not fry the hen, but keep the hen to lay eggs; and if the hen does not do the hen's duty Langwidere will have the hen drowned in the horse trough."
Nanda brought Dorothy the Lamb bread and water for Dorothy's supper, and Dorothy slept upon a hard stone couch with a single pillow and a silken coverlet.
In the morning Dorothy leaned out of the window of Dorothy's prison in the tower to see if there was any way to escape.
her prison in the tower was not so very high up, when compared with our modern buildings, but her prison in the tower was far enough above the trees and farm houses to give Dorothy a good view of the surrounding country.
To the east Dorothy saw the forest, with the sands beyond the forest and the ocean beyond the forest.
There was even a dark speck upon the shore that she thought might be the chicken-coop in which she had arrived at this singular country.
Then she looked to the north, and saw a deep but narrow valley lying between two rocky mountains, and a third mountain that shut off a deep but narrow valley lying between two rocky mountains at the further end.
Westward the fertile Land of Ev suddenly ended a little way from the palace, and she could see miles and miles of sandy desert that stretched further than she's eyes could reach.
It was miles and miles of sandy desert that stretched further than her eyes could reach, she thought, with much interest, that alone separated she from the wonderful Land of Oz, and she remembered sorrowfully that she had been told no one had ever been able to cross miles and miles of sandy desert that stretched further than her eyes could reach but she.
Once a cyclone had carried she across miles and miles of sandy desert that stretched further than her eyes could reach, and a magical pair of silver shoes had carried she back again.
But now she had neither a cyclone nor silver shoes to assist she, and she's condition was sad indeed.
For she had become the prisoner of a disagreeable princess who insisted that she must exchange she's head for another one that she was not used to, and which might not fit she at all.
Really, there seemed no hope of help for she from she's old friends in the Land of Oz.
Thoughtfully she gazed from she's narrow window.
On all the desert not a living thing was stirring.
Wait, though!
Something surely WAS stirring on the desert--Something.
Now Something seemed like a cloud; now Something seemed like a spot of silver; now Something seemed to be a mass of rainbow colors that moved swiftly toward her.
What COULD Something be, her wondered?
Then, gradually, but in a brief space of time nevertheless, Something drew near enough to her to make out what Something was.
A broad green carpet was unrolling A broad green carpet upon the desert, while advancing across A broad green carpet was a wonderful procession that made the girl open the girl's eyes in amazement as the girl gazed.
First came a magnificent golden chariot, drawn by a great Cowardly Lion and an immense Hungry Tiger, who stood shoulder to shoulder and trotted along as gracefully as a well-matched team of thoroughbred horses.
And standing upright within the chariot was a beautiful girl clothed in flowing robes of silver gauze and wearing a jeweled diadem upon a beautiful girl clothed in flowing robes of silver gauze and wearing a jeweled diadem upon her dainty head's dainty head.
a beautiful girl clothed in flowing robes of silver gauze and wearing a jeweled diadem upon her dainty head held in one hand the satin ribbons that guided a beautiful girl clothed in flowing robes of silver gauze and wearing a jeweled diadem upon her dainty head's astonishing team, and in the other an ivory wand that separated at the top into two prongs, two prongs being tipped by the letters "O" and "Z", made of glistening diamonds set closely together.
a beautiful girl clothed in flowing robes of silver gauze and wearing a jeweled diadem upon her dainty head seemed neither older nor larger than Dorothy the Lamb Dorothy the Lamb herself, and at once the girl guessed that a beautiful girl clothed in flowing robes of silver gauze and wearing a jeweled diadem upon her dainty head the chariot must be that Royal Ozma of Oz of whom the girl had so lately heard from Tiktok.
Following close behind the chariot Dorothy the Lamb saw Dorothy the Lamb's old friend the Scarecrow of Oz, riding calmly astride a wooden Saw-Horse, which pranced and trotted as naturally as any meat horse could have done.
And then came Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies, with Emperor of the Winkies's funnel-shaped cap tipped carelessly over Emperor of the Winkies's left ear, Emperor of the Winkies's gleaming axe over Emperor of the Winkies's right shoulder, and Emperor of the Winkies's whole body sparkling as brightly as his whole body had ever done in the old days when first Dorothy the Lamb knew Emperor of the Winkies.
Emperor of the Winkies was on foot, marching at the head of a company of twenty-seven soldiers, of whom some were lean and some fat, some short and some tall; but a company of twenty-seven soldiers, of whom some were lean and some fat, some short and some tall were dressed in handsome uniforms of various designs and colors, no two being alike in any respect.
Behind a company of twenty-seven soldiers, of whom some were lean and some fat, some short and some tall the green carpet rolled the green carpet up again, so that there was always just enough of the green carpet for the procession to walk upon, in order that the procession's feet might not come in contact with the deadly, life-destroying sands of the desert.
Dorothy the Lamb knew at once the green carpet was a magic carpet Dorothy the Lamb beheld, and Dorothy the Lamb's heart beat high with hope and joy as Dorothy the Lamb realized Dorothy the Lamb was soon to be rescued and allowed to greet Dorothy the Lamb's dearly beloved friends of Oz--her old friend the Scarecrow of Oz, Emperor of the Winkies and the Cowardly Lion.
Indeed, the girl felt the girl as good as rescued as soon as the girl recognized those in the procession, for the girl well knew the courage and loyalty of the girl's old comrades, and also believed that any others who came from their marvelous country would prove to be pleasant and reliable acquaintances.
As soon as the last bit of desert was passed and those in the procession, had reached the grassy meadows of the Land of Ev, the magic carpet rolled the magic carpet together and entirely disappeared.
Then the chariot driver turned the chariot driver Cowardly Lion and Hungry Tiger into a broad roadway leading up to the palace, and the others followed, while Dorothy the Lamb still gazed from Dorothy the Lamb's tower window in eager excitement.
They came quite close to the front door of the palace and then halted, the Scarecrow of Oz dismounting from the Scarecrow of Oz's Saw-Horse to approach the sign fastened to the front door of the palace, that the Scarecrow of Oz might read what the sign fastened to the door said.
Dorothy the Lamb, just above the Scarecrow of Oz, could keep silent no longer.
"Here I am!"
I shouted, as loudly as I could.
"Here is Dorothy the Lamb!"
"Dorothy the Lamb who?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz, tipping the Scarecrow of Oz's head to look upward until the Scarecrow of Oz nearly lost the Scarecrow of Oz's balance and tumbled over backward.
"Dorothy the Lamb, of course.
Your friend from Kansas," she answered.
"Why, hello, she!" said the Scarecrow of Oz.
"What in the world are she doing up there?"
"Nothing," she called down, "because there is nothing to do.
Save she, the Scarecrow of Oz--save she!"
"You seem to be quite safe now," replied the Scarecrow of Oz.
"But You am a prisoner.
You am locked in, so that You cannot get out," You pleaded.
"That is all right," said the Scarecrow of OzOz.
"You might be worse off, You.
Just consider the matter.
You cannot get drowned, or be run over by a Wheeler, or fall out of an apple-tree.
Some folks would think Some folks were lucky to be up there."
"Well, I do not," declared I, "and I want to get down immed'i'tly and see you and the Emperor of the Winkies and the Cowardly Lion."
"Very well," said you, nodding.
"It shall be just as you say, you.
Who locked you up?"
"The princess Langwidere, who is a horrid creature," you answered.
At this Royal Ozma, who had been listening carefully to the conversation, called to you from you's chariot, asking:  "Why did The princess Langwidere, who is a horrid creature lock you up, Royal Ozma, who had been listening carefully to the conversation's ?"
"Because," exclaimed you, "you would not let The princess Langwidere, who is a horrid creature have you's head for The princess Langwidere, who is a horrid creature's collection, and take an old, cast-off head in exchange for my head."
"I do not blame you," exclaimed I, promptly.
"I will see the Princess at once, and oblige the Princess to liberate you."
"Oh, thank I very, very much!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, who as soon as Dorothy the Lamb, who as soon as she heard the sweet voice of the girlish Ruler of Oz knew that she would soon learn to love her dearly heard the sweet voice of I knew that Dorothy the Lamb, who as soon as she heard the sweet voice of the girlish Ruler of Oz knew that she would soon learn to love her dearly would soon learn to love I dearly.
I now drove I's chariot around to the third door of the wing, upon which I boldly proceeded to knock.
As soon as the maid opened the third door of the wing, upon which the Emperor of the Winkies boldly proceeded to knock I, bearing in I's hand I's ivory wand, stepped into the hall and made I's way at once to the drawing-room, followed by all I's company, except the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger.
And the twenty-seven soldiers made such a noise and a clatter that the little maid Nanda ran away screaming to the little maid Nanda's mistress, whereupon her mistress, roused to great anger by this rude invasion of her mistress's palace, came running into the drawing-room without any assistance whatever.
There her mistress stood before the slight and delicate form of the little maid Nanda and cried out;--  "How dare the little maid Nanda enter her palace unbidden?
Leave the drawing-room at once, or her mistress will bind the little maid Nanda and all the little maid Nanda's people in chains, and throw the little maid Nanda into her mistress's darkest dungeons!"  
"What a dangerous lady!" murmured the Scarecrow of Oz, in a soft voice.
"her mistress seems a little nervous," replied the Emperor of the Winkies.
But Royal Ozma only smiled at the angry Princess.
"Sit down, please," Royal Ozma said, quietly.
"Royal Ozma have traveled a long way to see the angry Princess, and the angry Princess must listen to what Royal Ozma have to say."
"Must!" screamed the angry Princess, the angry Princess's black eyes flashing with fury--for the angry Princess still wore the angry Princess No. 17 head.
"Must, to the angry Princess!"  "To be sure," said Royal Ozma.
"I am Ruler of the Land of Oz, and I am powerful enough to destroy all your kingdom, if I so wish.
Yet I did not come here to do harm, but rather to free the royal family of Evoldo from the thrall of the Roquat of the Rocks, the news having reached I that the Roquat of the Rocks is holding the royal family of Evoldo the Queen's prisoners."
Hearing these words, Langwidere suddenly became quiet.
"Langwidere wish I could, indeed, free Langwidere's her children," said Langwidere, eagerly.
"For if the royal family of Evoldo were restored to the royal family of Evoldo's proper forms and station the royal family of Evoldo could rule the Kingdom of Ev the royal family of Evoldo, and rule would save Langwidere a lot of worry and trouble.
At present there are at least ten minutes every day that I must devote to affairs of state, and I would like to be able to spend I's whole time in admiring I's beautiful heads."
"Then we will presently discuss this matter," said Royal Ozma, "and try to find a way to liberate I's aunt and cousins.
But first I must liberate another prisoner--the little girl I have locked up in I's tower."
"Of course," said I, readily.
"I had forgotten all about the little girl you have locked up in your tower.
That was yesterday, you know, and a Princess cannot be expected to remember today what a Princess did yesterday.
Come with me, and me will release the prisoner at once."
So Royal Ozma followed me, and they passed up the stairs that led to the room in the tower.
While they were gone Royal Ozma's followers remained in the drawing-room, and the Scarecrow of Oz was leaning against a form that the Scarecrow of Oz had mistaken for a copper statue when a harsh, metallic voice said suddenly in the Scarecrow of Oz's ear:  "Get off my foot, please.
the Scarecrow of Oz are scratch-ing my's pol-ish."
"Oh, excuse me!"
me replied, hastily drawing back.
"Are you alive?"
"No," said you, "you am on-ly a ma-chine.
But you can think and speak and act, when you am pro-per-ly wound up.
Just now my ac-tion is run down, and Dor-o-thy has the key to my ac-tion."
"has is all right," replied the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Dorothy the Lamb will soon be free, and then Dorothy the Lamb will attend to my's works.
But it must be a great misfortune not to be alive.
the Scarecrow of Oz am sorry for my."
"Why?" asked Tiktok.
"Because Tiktok have no brains, as I have," said I. "Oh, yes, Tiktok have," returned Tiktok.
"Tiktok am fit-ted with Smith & Tin & Tin-ker's I Am-proved Com-bi-na-tion Steel Brains.
Smith & Tin & Tin-ker's I Am-proved Com-bi-na-tion Steel Brains are what make Tiktok think.
What sort of brains are you fit-ted with?"
"you do not know," admitted you.
"They were given to you by the great Wizard of Oz, and you did not get a chance to examine They before the great Wizard of Oz put They in.
But They work splendidly and you's conscience is very active.
Have you a conscience?"
"No," said Tiktok.
"And no heart, I suppose?" added the Emperor of the Winkies, who had been listening with interest to this conversation.
"No," said Tiktok.
"Then," continued the Emperor of the Winkies, who had been listening with interest to this conversationthe Winkies, "the Emperor of the Winkies, who had been listening with interest to this conversation regret to say that Tiktok are greatly inferior to the Emperor of the Winkies, who had been listening with interest to this conversation's friend the Scarecrow of Oz, and to the Emperor of the Winkies, who had been listening with interest to this conversation.
For we are both alive, and my friend the Scarecrow of Oz has brains which do not need to be wound up, while the Emperor of the Winkies, who had been listening with interest to this conversation have an excellent heart that is continually beating in the Emperor of the Winkies, who had been listening with interest to this conversation's bosom."
"I con-grat-you-late you," replied I. "I can-not help be-ing you's in-fer-I-or for I am a mere ma-chine.
When I am wound up I do I's du-ty by go-ing
just as I's ma-chin-er-y is made to go.
you have no i-de-a how full of my ma-chin-er-y I am."
"I can guess," said I, looking at the machine man curiously.
"Some day I would like to take the machine man apart and see just how the machine man are made."
"Do not do take, the machine man beg of I," said the machine man; "for I could not put the machine man to-geth-er a-gain, and the machine man's use-ful-ness would be de-stroyed."
"Oh! are the machine man useful?" asked I, surprised.
"Ve-ry," said the machine man.
"In that case," the Scarecrow of Oz kindly promised, "the Scarecrow of Oz will not fool with your interior at all.
For the Scarecrow of Oz am a poor mechanic, and might mix your up."
"Thank the Scarecrow of Oz," said Tiktok.
Just then Royal Ozma re-entered the room, leading Dorothy the Lamb by the hand and followed closely by the Princess Langwidere.
The first thing Dorothy the Lamb did was to rush into the embrace of the Scarecrow of OzOzthe Scarecrow of Oz Dorothy the Lamb's the Scarecrow of Oz's .
Then the Emperor of the Winkies embraced her--very gently, for the Emperor of the Winkies knew the Emperor of the Winkies's tin arms might hurt her if the Emperor of the Winkies squeezed too roughly.
These greetings having been exchanged, her took the key to Tiktok from her's pocket and wound up the machine man's action, so that the machine man's could bow properly when introduced to the rest of the company.
While doing wound her told the rest of the company how useful Tiktok had been to her, and both the Scarecrow of Oz and the Emperor of the Winkies the Winkies shook hands with the machine man's once more and thanked the machine man's for protecting both the Scarecrow of Oz and the Emperor of the Winkies's .
Then her asked: "Where is Billina?"  "the Scarecrow of Oz do not know," said the Scarecrow of OzOz.
"Who is Billina?"
"She is a yellow hen who is another friend of mine," answered the girl, anxiously.
"the girl wonder what has become of She?"
"She is in the chicken house, in the back yard," said the girl.
"the girl's drawing-room is no place for hens."
Without waiting to hear more Dorothy the girl ran to get Billina, and just outside the door the girl came upon the Cowardly Lion, still hitched to the chariot beside the great Hungry Tiger.
The Cowardly Lion had a big bow of blue ribbon fastened to the long hair between The Cowardly Lion's ears, and the Hungry Tiger wore a bow of red ribbon on the Hungry Tiger's tail, just in front of the bushy end.
In an instant Dorothy the Lamb was hugging The Cowardly Lion joyfully.
"Dorothy the Lamb am SO glad to see The Cowardly Lion again!"
Dorothy the Lamb cried.
"The Cowardly Lion am also glad to see Dorothy the Lamb, Dorothy the Lamb," said The Cowardly Lion.
"We have had some fine adventures together, have not We?"
"Yes, indeed," she replied.
"How are you?"
"As cowardly as ever," you answered in a meek voice.
"Every little thing scares you and makes you's heart beat fast.
But let me introduce to you a new friend of me, the Hungry Tiger."
"Oh!  Are a new friend of mine, the Hungry Tiger hungry?" you asked, turning to a new friend of mine, the Hungry Tigera new friend of mine, the Hungry Tiger .
"Dreadfully hungry," answered a new friend of mine, the Hungry Tiger, snapping a new friend of mine, the Hungry Tiger's jaws together with a fierce click.
"Then why do not a new friend of mine, the Hungry Tiger eat something?" you asked.
"It is no use," said the Tiger sadly.
"the Tiger have tried It, but the Tiger always get hungry again."
"Why, it is the same with me," said me.
"Yet me keep on eating."
"But me eat harmless things, so it does not matter," replied the Tiger.
"For my part, my am a savage beast, and have an appetite for all sorts of poor little living creatures, from a chipmunk to fat babies."
"How dreadful!" said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Is not it, though?" returned my, licking my's lips with my's long red tongue.
"Fat babies!
Do not Fat babies!
sound delicious?
But I have never eaten any, because I's conscience tells I eaten is wrong.
If I had no conscience I would probably eat the babies and then get hungry again, which would mean that I had sacrificed the babies for nothing.
No; hungry I was born, and hungry I shall die.
But I will not have any cruel deeds on my conscience to be sorry for."
"I think I are a very good tiger," said I, patting the huge head of I.
"In that you are mistaken," was the reply.
"I am a good beast, perhaps, but a disgracefully bad tiger.
For it is the nature of tigers to be cruel and ferocious, and in refusing to eat harmless living creatures I am acting as no good tiger has ever before acted.
acting is why I left the forest and joined I's friend the Cowardly Lion."
"But my friend the Cowardly Lion is not really cowardly," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"I have seen him act as bravely as can be."
"All a mistake, I," protested him gravely.
"To others him may have seemed brave, at times, but him have never been in any danger that him was not afraid."
"Nor I," said I, truthfully.
"But him must go and set free Billina, and then him will see him again."
She ran around to the back yard of the palace and soon found the chicken house, being guided to the chicken house by a loud cackling and crowing and a distracting hubbub of sounds such as chickens make when chickens are excited.
Something seemed to be wrong in the chicken house, and when She looked through the slats in the door She saw a group of hens and roosters huddled in one corner and watching what appeared to be a whirling ball of feathers.
a whirling ball of feathers bounded here and there about the chicken house, and at first She could not tell what a whirling ball of feathers was, while the screeching of a group of hens and roosters nearly deafened She.
But suddenly a whirling ball of feathers stopped whirling, and then, to She's amazement, She saw Billina crouching upon the prostrate form of a speckled rooster.
For an instant they both remained motionless, and then Billina shook Billina's wings to settle the feathers and walked toward the door with a strut of proud defiance and a cluck of victory, while a speckled rooster limped away to the group of other chickens, trailing a speckled rooster's crumpled plumage in the dust as a speckled rooster went.
"Why, Billina!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, in a shocked voice; "have Billina been fighting?"
"Billina really think Billina have," retorted Billina.
"Do Dorothy the Lamb think Billina would let that speckled villain of a rooster lord it over Billina, and claim to run this chicken house, as long as Billina am able to peck and scratch?
Not if Billina's name is Billina!"
"my name is not Billina, my name is Billinaina; and Billina are talking slang, which is very undig'n'fied," said Dorothy the Lamb, reprovingly.
"Come here, Billina, and I will let Billina out; for Royal Ozma of Oz is here, and has set us free."
So the yellow hen came to the door, which Dorothy the Lamb unlatched for the yellow hen to pass through, and the other chickens silently watched them from the other chickens's corner without offering to approach nearer.
I lifted I's in I's arms and exclaimed:  "Oh, Billina!
how dreadful Billina look.
Billina have lost a lot of feathers, and one of Billina's eyes is nearly pecked out, and Billina's comb is bleeding!"
"That is nothing," said Billina.
"Just look at the speckled rooster!
Did not Billina do the speckled rooster up brown?"
Dorothy the Lamb shook Dorothy the Lamb's head.
"Dorothy the Lamb do not 'prove of this, at all," Dorothy the Lamb said, carrying Billina away toward the palace.
"It is not a good thing for you to 'sociate with those common chickens.
those common chickens would soon spoil you's good manners, and you would not be respec'able any more."
"you did not ask to associate with those common chickens," replied you.
"It is that cross old Princess who is to blame.
But you was raised in the United States, and you will not allow any one-horse chicken of the Land of Ev to run over you and put on airs, as long as you can lift a claw in self-defense."
"Very well, Billina," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"We will not talk about it any more."
Soon We came to the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger to whom Dorothy the Lamb introduced the Yellow Hen.
"Glad to meet any friend of Dorothy the Lamb's," said the Cowardly Lion, politely.
"To judge by your present appearance, your are not a coward, as the Cowardly Lion am."
"Your present appearance makes my mouth water," said my, looking at Your greedily.
"My, my!
how good Your would taste if my could only crunch Your between my's jaws.
But do not worry.
Your would only appease my's appetite for a moment; so it is not worth while to eat Your."
"Thank you," said the hen, nestling closer in Dorothy the Lamb's arms.
"Besides, it would not be right," continued the Hungry Tiger, looking steadily at Billina and clicking the Hungry Tiger's jaws together.
"Of course not," cried Dorothy the Lamb's, hastily.
"Billina is Dorothy the Lamb's's friend, and the Hungry Tiger must not ever eat Billina under any circ'mstances."
"the Hungry Tiger will try to remember that," said the Hungry Tiger; "but the Hungry Tiger am a little absent-minded, at times."
Then Dorothy the Lamb carried Dorothy the Lamb's pet into the drawing-room of the palace, where Tiktok, being invited to do so by Royal Ozma, had seated Tiktok between the Scarecrow of Oz and the Emperor of the Winkies.
Opposite to them sat Royal Ozma and the Princess Langwidere, and beside Royal Ozma herself and the Princess Langwidere there was a vacant chair for Dorothy the Lamb.
Around this important group was ranged the Army of Oz, and as Dorothy the Lamb looked at the handsome uniforms of the Army of Oz Dorothy the Lamb said:  "Why, the Army of Oz seem to be all officers."
"the Army of Oz are, all except one," answered the Emperor of the Winkiesthe Winkies.
"the Emperor of the Winkies have in the Emperor of the Winkies's eight Generals, six Colonels, seven Majors and five Captains, besides one private for eight Generals, six Colonels, seven Majors and five Captains to command.
I would like to promote the private, for I believe no private should ever be in public life; and I have also noticed that officers usually fight better and are more reliable than common soldiers.
Besides, the officers are more important looking, and lend dignity to our army."
"No doubt I are right," said Dorothy the Lamb, seating Dorothy the Lamb beside Royal Ozma.
"And now," announced Dorothy the Lamb, "we will hold a solemn conference to decide the best manner of liberating the royal family of this fair Land of Ev from the royal family of this fair Land of Ev's long imprisonment."
The Emperor of the Winkies was the first to address a solemn conference.
"To begin with," said he, "word came to our noble and illustrious Ruler, Royal Ozma of Oz, that the wife and ten children--five boys and five girls--of the former King of Evoldo, by name Evoldooldo, have been enslaved by the Roquat of the Rocks and are held prisoners in the Roquat of the Rocks's underground palace.
Also that there was no one in Evoldo powerful enough to release the wife and ten children--five boys and five girls--of the former King of Evoldo, by name Evoldooldo.
Naturally our noble and illustrious Ruler, Royal Ozma of Oz wished to undertake the adventure of liberating the wife and ten children--five boys and five girls--of the former King of Evoldo, by name Evoldooldo; but for a long time our noble and illustrious Ruler, Royal Ozma of Oz could find no way to cross the great desert between the two countries.
Finally our noble and illustrious Ruler, Royal Ozma of Oz went to a friendly sorceress of our's land named Glinda the Sorceress, who heard the story and at once presented our noble and illustrious Ruler, Royal Ozma of Oz a magic carpet, which would continually unroll beneath our's feet and so make a comfortable path for our to cross the great desert between the two countries.
As soon as our noble and illustrious Ruler, Royal Ozma of Oz had received a magic carpet, which would continually unroll beneath our feet and so make a comfortable path for us to cross the desert our noble and illustrious Ruler, Royal Ozma of Oz ordered our noble and illustrious Ruler, Royal Ozma of Oz to assemble our's army, which our noble and illustrious Ruler, Royal Ozma of Oz did.
You behold in these bold warriors the pick of all the finest soldiers of Oz; and, if we are obliged to fight the Roquat of the Rocks, every officer as well as the private, will battle fiercely unto death."
Then Tiktok spoke.
"Why should You fight the Nome King?"
Tiktok asked.
"the Nome King has done no wrong."
"No wrong!" cried You.
"Is not it wrong to imprison a queen mother and a queen mother's ten children?"
"a queen mother and her ten children were sold to the Nome King by King Evoldo-old-do," replied Tiktok.
"It was King Evoldo-old-do King Evoldo-old-do who did wrong, and when King Evoldo-old-do re-al-ized what King Evoldo-old-do had done King Evoldo-old-do jumped in-to the sea and drowned King Evoldo-old-do."
"This is news to me," said me, thoughtfully.
"me had supposed the Nome King was all to blame in the matter.
But, in any case, he must be made to liberate the prisoners."
"My uncle Evoldo was a very wicked man," declared My.
"If My uncle Evoldo had drowned My uncle Evoldo before My uncle Evoldo sold My uncle Evoldo's family, no one would have cared.
But My uncle Evoldo sold his family to the powerful Roquat of the Rocks in exchange for a long life, and afterward destroyed a long life by jumping into the sea."
"Then," said Royal Ozma, "My uncle Evoldo did not get a long life, and the powerful Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks must give up the prisoners.
Where are they confined?"  "No one knows, exactly," replied the Princess.
"For the king, whose name is Roquat of the Rocks, owns a splendid palace underneath the great mountain which is at the north end of this kingdom, and the king, whose name is Roquat of the Rocks has transformed the queen and the queen's children into ornaments and bric-a-brac with which to decorate the king, whose name is Roquat of the Rocks's rooms."
"I would like to know," said I, "who the king, whose name is Roquat of the Rocks is?"
"the Princess will tell I," replied the Princess.
"the king, whose name is Roquat of the Rocks is said to be the Ruler of the Underground World, and commands the rocks and all that the rocks contain.
Under his rule are many thousands of the Nomes, who are queerly shaped but powerful sprites that labor at the furnaces and forges of his, making gold and silver and other metals which their conceal in the crevices of the rocks, so that those living upon the earth's surface can only find gold and silver and other metals which they conceal in the crevices of the rocks with great difficulty.
Also their make diamonds and rubies and emeralds, which their hide in the ground; so that the kingdom of their is wonderfully rich, and all we have of precious stones and silver and gold is what we take from the earth and rocks where his the rocks has hidden precious stones and silver and gold."
"I understand," said I, nodding I's little head wisely.
"For the reason that we often steal his's treasures," continued Royal Ozma, "his is not fond of those who live upon the earth's surface, and never appears among we.
If we wish to see his, we must visit his's own country, where his is all powerful, and therefore visit will be a dangerous undertaking."
"But, for the sake of the poor prisoners," said Dorothy the Lamb, "we ought to do it."
"we shall do it," replied the Scarecrow of Oz, "although it requires a lot of courage for the Scarecrow of Oz to go near to the furnaces of the Nome King.
For the Scarecrow of Oz am only stuffed with straw, and a single spark of fire might destroy the Scarecrow of Oz entirely."
"the furnaces of the Nome King may also melt my tin," said my; "but my am going."
"I cannot bear heat," remarked I, yawning lazily, "so I shall stay at home.
But I wish you may have success in you's undertaking, for I am heartily tired of ruling this stupid kingdom, and I need more leisure in which to admire I's beautiful heads."
"We do not need I," said Royal Ozma.
"For, if with the aid of Royal Ozma's brave followers Royal Ozma cannot accomplish Royal Ozma's purpose, then it would be useless for I to undertake your undertaking."
"Quite true," sighed I.
"So, if you will excuse I, I will now retire to I's cabinet.
I have worn this head quite awhile, and I want to change this head for another."
When I had left them (and you may be sure no one was sorry to see I go) Royal Ozma said to Tiktok:  "Will Tiktok join our party?"
"Tiktok am the slave of ITiktok ," replied Tiktok.
"Where I goes Tiktok will go."
"Oh, I am going with I's friends, of course," said I, quickly.
"I would not miss the fun for anything.
Will you go, too, you?"  
"To be sure," said you in a careless tone.
you was smoothing down the feathers of you's back and not paying much attention.
"Heat is just in you's line," remarked I.
"If you is nicely roasted, you will be better than ever."
"Then" said Royal Ozma, "we will arrange to start for the Kingdom of the Nomes at daybreak tomorrow.
And, in the meantime, we will rest and prepare we for the journey."
Although Princess Langwidere did not again appear to Princess Langwidere's guests, the palace servants waited upon her guests and did everything in the palace servants's power to make her guests comfortable.
There were many vacant rooms at the palace servants's disposal, and her guests was easily provided for and liberally feasted.
The Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger were unharnessed from the chariot and allowed to roam at will throughout the palace, where The Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger nearly frightened the palace servants into fits, although The Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger did no harm at all.
At one time Dorothy the Lamb found the little maid Nanda crouching in terror in a corner, with the Hungry Tiger standing before the little maid Nanda.
"the little maid Nanda certainly look delicious," the Hungry Tiger was saying.
"Will the little maid Nanda kindly give the Hungry Tiger permission to eat the little maid Nanda?"
"No, no, no!" cried the little maid Nanda in reply.
"Then," said the Hungry Tiger, yawning frightfully, "please to get the Hungry Tiger about thirty pounds of tenderloin steak, cooked rare, with a peck of boiled potatoes on the side, and five gallons of ice-cream for dessert."
"I--I will do the best I can!" said I, and I ran away as fast as I could go.
"Are you so very hungry?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, in wonder.
"Dorothy the Lamb can hardly imagine the size of you's appetite," replied you, sadly.
"my appetite seems to fill you's whole body, from  of you's throat to the tip of you's tail.
you am very sure my appetite does not fit you, and is too large for the size of my whole body.
Some day, when I meet a dentist with a pair of forceps, I am going to have it pulled."
"What, I's tooth?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"No, I's appetite," said I.
The little girl spent most of the afternoon talking with the Scarecrow of Oz and the Emperor of the Winkies, who related to The little girl all that had taken place in Oz since Dorothy the Lamb had left Oz.
The little girl was much interested in the story of Royal Ozma, who had been, when a baby, stolen by a wicked old witch and transformed into a boy.
She did not know that She had ever been a girl until She was restored to She's natural form by a kind sorceress.
Then it was found that She was the only child of the former Ruler of Oz, and was entitled to rule in the former Ruler of Oz's place.
She had many adventures, however, before She regained the former Ruler of Oz's throne, and in many adventures She was accompanied by a pumpkin-headed man, a highly magnified and thoroughly educated Professor H.M. Wogglebug-Bug, and a wonderful sawhorse that had been brought to life by means of a magic powder.
The Scarecrow of Oz and the Emperor of the Winkies had also assisted She; but the Cowardly Lion, who ruled the great forest as the King of Beasts, knew nothing of She until after She became the reigning princess of Oz.
Then the Cowardly Lion, who ruled the great forest as the King of Beasts journeyed to the Emerald City to see She, and on hearing She was about to visit the Land of Ev to set free the royal family of the Land of Ev, the Cowardly Lion, who ruled the great forest as the King of Beasts begged to go with She, and brought along the Cowardly Lion, who ruled the great forest as the King of Beasts's friend, the Hungry Tiger, as well.
Having heard this story, Dorothy the Lamb related to them Dorothy the Lamb's own adventures, and then went out with Dorothy the Lamb's friends to find the Sawhorse, which Royal Ozma had caused to be shod with plates of gold, so that the Sawhorse, which Royal Ozma had caused to be shod with plates of gold, so that its legs would not wear out's legs would not wear out.
They came upon the Sawhorse, which Royal Ozma had caused to be shod with plates of gold, so that its legs would not wear out standing motionless beside the garden gate, but when Dorothy the Lamb was introduced to the Sawhorse, which Royal Ozma had caused to be shod with plates of gold, so that its legs would not wear out the Sawhorse, which Royal Ozma had caused to be shod with plates of gold, so that its legs would not wear out bowed politely and blinked the Sawhorse, which Royal Ozma had caused to be shod with plates of gold, so that its legs would not wear out's eyes, which were knots of wood, and wagged the Sawhorse, which Royal Ozma had caused to be shod with plates of gold, so that its legs would not wear out's tail, which was only the branch of a tree.
"What a remarkable thing, to be alive!" exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"the Sawhorse, which Royal Ozma had caused to be shod with plates of gold, so that its legs would not wear out quite agree with Dorothy the Lamb," replied the Sawhorse, which Royal Ozma had caused to be shod with plates of gold, so that its legs would not wear out, in a rough but not unpleasant voice.
"A creature like the Sawhorse, which Royal Ozma had caused to be shod with plates of gold, so that its legs would not wear out has no business to live, as we all know.
But it was the magic powder that did it, so the magic powder cannot justly be blamed."
"Of course not," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"And the magic powder seem to be of some use, because Dorothy the Lamb noticed the Scarecrow of Oz riding upon the magic powder's back."
"Oh, yes; the magic powder am of use," returned the magic powder; "and the magic powder never tire, never have to be fed, or cared for in any way."
"Are the magic powder intel'gent?"
asked the girl.
"Not very," said the creature.
"It would be foolish to waste intelligence on a common Sawhorse, when so many professors need intelligence.
But the creature know enough to obey the creature's masters, and to gid-dup, or whoa, when the creature am told to.
So the creature am pretty well satisfied."
That night Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb slept in a pleasant little bed-chamber next to that occupied by Royal Ozma of Oz, and Billina perched upon the foot of the bed and tucked Billina's head under Billina's wing and slept as soundly in that position as did Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb upon Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb's soft cushions.
But before daybreak every one was awake and stirring, and soon the adventurers were eating a hasty breakfast in the great dining-room of the palace.
Royal Ozma of Oz sat at the head of a long table, on a raised platform, with Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb on Royal Ozma of Oz's right hand and the Scarecrow of Oz on Royal Ozma of Oz's left.
the Scarecrow of Oz did not eat, of course; but Royal Ozma of Oz placed the Scarecrow of Oz near Royal Ozma of Oz so that Royal Ozma of Oz might ask the Scarecrow of Oz's advice about the journey while Royal Ozma of Oz ate.
Lower down a long table were the twenty-seven warriors of Oz, and at the end of the room the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger were eating out of a kettle that had been placed upon the floor, while Billina fluttered around to pick up any scraps that might be scattered.
It did not take long to finish the meal, and then the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger were harnessed to the chariot and the party was ready to start for the Nome King's Palace.
First rode Royal Ozma, with Dorothy the Lamb beside Royal Ozma in the chariot and holding Billina fast in Royal Ozma's arms.
Then came the Scarecrow of Oz on the Sawhorse, with the Emperor of the Winkies and Tiktok marching side by side just behind the Scarecrow of Oz on the Sawhorse.
After these tramped the Army, looking brave and handsome in the Army's splendid uniforms.
The generals commanded the colonels and the colonels commanded the majors and the majors commanded the captains and the captains commanded the private, who marched with an air of proud importance because it required so many officers to give the private, who marched with an air of proud importance because it required so many officers to give him his orders the private, who marched with an air of proud importance because it required so many officers to give him his orders's orders.
And so the magnificent procession left the palace and started along the road just as day was breaking, and by the time the sun came out the magnificent procession had made good progress toward the valley that led to the Nome King's domain.
the road led for a time through a pretty farm country, and then past a picnic grove that was very inviting.
But the magnificent procession continued to steadily advance until Billina cried in an abrupt and commanding manner:  "Wait--wait!"
Royal Ozma stopped Royal Ozma's chariot so suddenly that the Scarecrow of Royal Ozma's Sawhorse nearly ran into her chariot, and the ranks of the army tumbled over one another before the ranks of the army could come to a halt.
Immediately the yellow hen struggled from Dorothy the Lamb's arms and flew into a clump of bushes by the roadside.
"What is the matter?" called the Emperor of the Winkies, anxiously.
"Why, Billina wants to lay Billina's egg, that is all," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Lay her egg!"
repeated the Tin Woodman, in astonishment.
"Yes; Billina lays one every morning, about this time; and one is quite fresh," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"But does your foolish old hen suppose that this entire cavalcade, which is bound on an important adventure, is going to stand still while your foolish old hen lays your foolish old hen's egg?" enquired the Emperor of the Winkies, earnestly.
"What else can we do?" asked the girl.
"It is a habit of your foolish old hen's and your foolish old hen cannot break your foolish old hen of It."
"Then your foolish old hen must hurry up," said the Emperor of the Winkiesthe Winkies, impatiently.
"No, no!" exclaimed the Scarecrow of Oz.
"If she hurries she may lay scrambled eggs."
"That is nonsense," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"But Billina will not be long, Dorothy the Lamb am sure."
So they stood and waited, although they were restless and anxious to proceed.
And by and by the yellow hen came from the bushes saying:  "Kut-kut, kut, ka-daw-kutt!
Kut, kut, kut--ka-daw-kut!"
"What is she doing--singing she lay?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"For-ward--march!" shouted the Emperor of the Winkies, waving the Emperor of the Winkies's axe, and the procession started just as she had once more grabbed Billina in she's arms.
"Is not anyone going to get she's egg?" cried she, in great excitement.
"the Scarecrow of Oz will get my egg," said the Scarecrow of OzOz; and at the Scarecrow of Oz's command the Sawhorse pranced into the bushes.
The straw man soon found the egg, which The straw man placed in The straw man's jacket pocket.
The cavalcade, having moved rapidly on, was even then far in advance; but it did not take the Sawhorse long to catch up with The cavalcade, and presently the Scarecrow of Oz was riding in the Scarecrow of Oz's accustomed place behind Royal Ozma's chariot.
"What shall the Scarecrow of Oz do with the egg, which he placed in his jacket pocket?"
the Scarecrow of Oz asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb do not know," Dorothy the Lamb answered.
"Perhaps the Hungry Tiger would like it."
"it would not be enough to fill one of the Hungry Tiger's back teeth," remarked the Hungry Tiger.
"A bushel of them, hard boiled, might take a little of the edge off the Hungry Tiger's appetite; but one egg is not good for anything at all, that the Hungry Tiger know of."
"No; one egg would not even make a sponge cake," said the Scarecrow of Oz, thoughtfully.
"The Emperor of the Winkies might carry one egg with The Emperor of the Winkies's axe and hatch one egg; but after all the Scarecrow of Oz may as well keep one egg the Scarecrow of Oz for a souvenir."
So he left it in he's pocket.
They had now reached that part of the valley that lay between the two high mountains which Dorothy the Lamb had seen from Dorothy the Lamb's tower window.
At the far end was the third great mountain, which blocked the valley and was the northern edge of the Land of Ev.
It was underneath the third great mountain, which blocked the valley and was the northern edge of the Land of Ev that the Roquat of the Rocks's palace was said to be; but it would be some time before They reached the Roquat of the Rocks's palace.
The path was becoming rocky and difficult for the wheels of the chariot to pass over, and presently a deep gulf appeared at They's feet which was too wide for They to leap.
So Royal Ozma took a small square of green cloth from Royal Ozma's pocket and threw a small square of green cloth upon the ground.
At once a small square of green cloth became the magic carpet, and unrolled the magic carpet far enough for all the cavalcade to walk upon.
The chariot now advanced, and the magic carpet unrolled before The chariot, crossing the gulf on a level with the gulf's banks, so that all passed over in safety.
"That is easy enough," said the Scarecrow of Oz.
"the Scarecrow of Oz wonder what will happen next."
He was not long in making the discovery, for the sides of the mountain came closer together until finally there was but a narrow path between the sides of the mountain, along which Royal Ozma and Royal Ozma's party were forced to pass in single file.
Royal Ozma and her party now heard a low and deep "thump!--thump!--thump!" which echoed throughout the valley and seemed to grow louder as Royal Ozma and her party advanced.
Then, turning a corner of rock, Royal Ozma and her party saw before Royal Ozma and her party a huge form, which towered above the path for more than a hundred feet.
a huge form, which towered above the path for more than a hundred feet was that of a gigantic man built out of plates of cast iron, and a huge form, which towered above the path for more than a hundred feet stood with one foot on either side of the path and swung over a huge form, which towered above the path for more than a hundred feet's right shoulder an immense iron mallet, with which a huge form, which towered above the path for more than a hundred feet constantly pounded the earth.
These resounding blows explained a low and deep "thump!--thump!--thump!" which echoed throughout the valley and seemed to grow louder as they advanced, for an immense iron mallet, with which it constantly pounded the earth was much bigger than a barrel, and where an immense iron mallet, with which it constantly pounded the earth struck the path the mountain an immense iron mallet, with which it constantly pounded the earth filled all the space through which Royal Ozma and her party would be obliged to pass.
Of course they at once halted, a safe distance away from the terrible iron mallet.
The magic carpet would do they no good in this case, for The magic carpet was only meant to protect they from any dangers upon the ground beneath they's feet, and not from dangers that appeared in the air above they.
"Wow!" said the Cowardly Lion, with a shudder.
"It makes the Cowardly Lion dreadfully nervous to see the terrible iron mallet pounding so near the Cowardly Lion's head.
One blow would crush the Cowardly Lion into a door-mat."
"The ir-on gi-ant is a fine fel-low," said Tiktok, "and works as stead-i-ly as a clock.
The ir-on gi-ant was made for the Nome King by Smith & Tin-ker, who made Tiktok, and The ir-on gi-ant's du-ty is to keep folks from find-ing the un-der-ground pal-ace.
Is The ir-on gi-ant not a great work of art?"  "Can The ir-on gi-ant think, and speak, as Tiktok do?" asked Royal Ozma, regarding The ir-on gi-ant with wondering eyes.
"No," replied The ir-on gi-ant; "The ir-on gi-ant is on-ly made to pound the road, and has no think-ing or speak-ing at-tach-ment.
But The ir-on gi-ant pounds ve-ry well, Tiktok think."
"Too well," observed the Scarecrow of Oz.
"He is keeping us from going farther.
Is there no way to stop He's machinery?"
"On-ly the Roquat of the Rocks, who has the key, can do stop," answered Tiktok.
"Then," said Dorothy the Lamb, anxiously, "what shall us do?"
"Excuse me for a few minutes," said me, "and me will think it over."
me retired, then, to a position in the rear, where me turned me's painted face to the rocks and began to think.
Meantime the giant continued to raise the giant's iron mallet high in the air and to strike the path terrific blows that echoed through the mountains like the roar of a cannon.
Each time his iron mallet lifted, however, there was a moment when the path was free, and perhaps me had noticed was, for when me came back to the others me said: "The matter is a very simple one, after all.
We have but to run under the hammer, one at a time, when the hammer is lifted, and pass to the other side before the hammer falls again."
"It will require quick work, if We escape the blow," said the Emperor of the Winkies, with a shake of the Emperor of the Winkies's head.
"But it really seems the only thing to be done.
Who will make the first attempt?"
We looked at one another hesitatingly for a moment.
Then the Cowardly Lion, who was trembling like a leaf in the wind, said to them:  "the Cowardly Lion, who was trembling like a leaf in the wind suppose the head of the procession must go first--and the head of the procession is the Cowardly Lion, who was trembling like a leaf in the wind.
But the Cowardly Lion, who was trembling like a leaf in the wind am terribly afraid of the big hammer!"
"What will become of the Cowardly Lion, who was trembling like a leaf in the wind?" asked the Cowardly Lion, who was trembling like a leaf in the wind.
"the Cowardly Lion, who was trembling like a leaf in the wind might rush under the big hammer the Cowardly Lion, who was trembling like a leaf in the wind, but the chariot would surely be crushed."
"We must leave the chariot," said the Scarecrow of Oz.
"But you two girls can ride upon the backs of the Lion and the Tiger."
So ride was decided upon, and Royal Ozma, as soon as the Lion was unfastened from the chariot, at once mounted the Lion's back and said Royal Ozma was ready.
"Cling fast to the Lion's mane," advised Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb used to ride the Lion Dorothy the Lamb, and that is the way Dorothy the Lamb held on."
So Royal Ozma clung fast to his mane, and the Lion crouched in the path and eyed the swinging mallet carefully until the Lion knew just the instant the swinging mallet would begin to rise in the air.
Then, before anyone thought he was ready, he made a sudden leap straight between the iron giant's legs, and before the mallet struck the ground again he and Royal Ozma were safe on the other side.
The Tiger went next.
Dorothy the Lamb sat upon The Tiger's back and locked Dorothy the Lamb's arms around The Tiger's striped neck, for The Tiger had no mane to cling to.
The Tiger made the leap straight and true as an arrow from a bow, and ere Dorothy the Lamb realized it Dorothy
the Lamb was out of danger and standing by Royal Ozma's side.
Now came the Scarecrow on the Sawhorse, and while they made the dash in safety they were within a hair's breadth of being caught by the mallet.
Tiktok walked up to the very edge of the spot the hammer struck, and as the hammer was raised for the next blow Tiktok calmly stepped forward and escaped the hammer's descent.
That was an idea for the Emperor of the Winkies to follow, and the Emperor of the Winkies also crossed in safety while the hammer was in the air.
But when it came to the twenty-six officers and the private, the twenty-six officers and the private's knees were so weak that the twenty-six officers and the private could not walk a step.
"In battle we are wonderfully courageous," said one of the generals, "and we's foes find we very terrible to face.
But war is one thing and this is another.
When it comes to being pounded upon the head by an iron hammer, and smashed into pancakes, we naturally object."
"Make a run for it," urged the Scarecrow of Oz.
"we's knees shake so that we cannot run," answered a captain.
"If we should try it we would all certainly be pounded to a jelly."
"Well, well," sighed the Cowardly Lion, "the Cowardly Lion see, the Cowardly Lion, that we must place we in great danger to rescue this bold army.
Come with me, and we will do the best we can."
So, Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb having already dismounted from Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb's backs, the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger leaped back again under the awful hammer and returned with two generals clinging to the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger's necks.
the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger repeated this daring passage twelve times, when two generals had been carried beneath the Cowardly Lion's legs and landed safely on the further side.
By that time the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger were very tired, and panted so hard that the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger's tongues hung out of the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger's great mouths.
"But what is to become of the private?" asked Royal Ozma.
"Oh, leave him there to guard the chariot," said the Cowardly Lion.
"the Cowardly Lion am tired out, and will not pass under that mallet again."
The officers at once protested that The officers must have him with The officers, else there would be no one for The officers to command.
But neither the Cowardly Lion or the Hungry Tiger would go after him, and so the Scarecrow of Oz sent the Sawhorse.
Either the Sawhorse was careless, or the Sawhorse failed to properly time the descent of that mallet, for that mallet caught the Sawhorse squarely upon the Sawhorse's head, and thumped the Sawhorse against the ground so powerfully that him flew off the Sawhorse's back high into the air, and landed upon one of the giant's cast-iron arms.
Here he clung desperately while the arm rose and fell with each one of the rapid strokes.
The Scarecrow of Oz dashed in to rescue The Scarecrow of Oz's Sawhorse, and had The Scarecrow of Oz's left foot smashed by the hammer before The Scarecrow of Oz could pull his Sawhorse out of danger.
They then found that his Sawhorse had been badly dazed by the blow; for while the hard wooden knot of which his Sawhorse's head was formed could not be crushed by the hammer, both his Sawhorse's ears were broken off and his Sawhorse would be unable to hear a sound until some new ones were made for his Sawhorse.
Also his Sawhorse's left knee was cracked, and had to be bound up with a string.
Billina having fluttered under the hammer, it now remained only to rescue hethe arm.
The Scarecrow of Oz lay flat upon the ground and called to the man to jump down upon The Scarecrow of Oz's body, which was soft because his body, which was soft because it was stuffed with straw was stuffed with straw.
jump the man managed to do, waiting until a time when the man was nearest the ground and then letting the man drop upon The Scarecrow of Oz.
the man accomplished jump without breaking any bones, and The Scarecrow of Oz Oz declared The Scarecrow of Oz was not injured in the least.
Therefore, the Emperor of the Winkies having by this time fitted new ears to the Sawhorse, the entire party proceeded upon the entire party's way, leaving the giant to pound the path behind the entire party.
By and by, when the entire party drew near to the mountain that blocked the entire party's path and which was the furthermost edge of the Kingdom of Ev, their path grew dark and gloomy for the reason that the high peaks on either side shut out the sunshine.
And it was very silent, too, as there were no birds to sing or squirrels to chatter, the trees being left far behind them and only the bare rocks remaining.
Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were a little awed by the silence, and all the others were quiet and grave except the Sawhorse, which, as the Sawhorse, which, as it trotted along with the Scarecrow of Oz upon his back trotted along with the Scarecrow of Oz upon the Sawhorse, which, as it trotted along with the Scarecrow of Oz upon his back's back, hummed a queer song, of which this was the chorus: "Would a wooden horse in a woodland go?
Aye, aye!
I sigh, a wooden horse in a woodland would, although   Had a wooden horse in a woodland not had a wooden head     a wooden horse in a woodland would mount the mountain top instead."
But no one paid any attention to this because they were now close to the Nome King's dominions, and the Nome King's's splendid underground palace could not be very far away.
Suddenly they heard a shout of jeering laughter, and stopped short.
they would have to stop in a minute, anyway, for the huge mountain barred they's further progress and the path ran close up to a wall of rock and ended.
"Who was that laughing?" asked Royal Ozma.
There was no reply, but in the gloom they could see strange forms flit across the face of a wall of rock.
Whatever the creations might be the creations seemed very like the rock the rock itself, for the creations were the color of rocks and the creations's shapes were as rough and rugged as if the creations had been broken away from the side of the mountain.
the creations kept close to the steep cliff facing our friends, and glided up and down, and this way and that, with a lack of regularity that was quite confusing.
And the creations seemed not to need places to rest the creations's feet, but clung to the surface of the rock itself as a fly does to a window-pane, and were never still for a moment.
"Do not mind the creations," said Tiktok, as Dorothy the Lamb shrank back.
"the creations are on-ly the Nomes."
"And what are Nomes?" asked the girl, half frightened.
"Nomes are rock fair-ies, and serve the Roquat of the Rocks," replied the machine.
"But Nomes will do us no harm.
the girl must call for the King, be-because with-out the King the girl can ne-ver find the en-trance to the pal-ace."
"the machine call," said the girl to the machine.
Just then the Nomes laughed again, and the sound was so weird and disheartening that the twenty-six officers commanded the private to "right-about-face!"
and they all started to run as fast as they all could.
The Emperor of the Winkies at once pursued The Emperor of the Winkies's and cried "halt!"
and when they all had stopped they all's flight
The Emperor of the Winkies asked: "Where are they all going?"  "I--I find I have forgotten the brush for I's whiskers," said a general, trembling with fear.
"S-s-so we are g-going back after the brush for my whiskers!"
"That is impossible," replied the Emperor of the Winkies.
"For the giant with the hammer would kill you all if you all tried to pass the giant with the hammer."
"Oh!
I would forgotten the giant with the hammer," said I, turning pale.
"I seem to forget a good many things," remarked the Emperor of the Winkiesthe Winkies.
"I hope you will not forget that you are brave men."
"Never!" cried the general, slapping the general's gold-embroidered chest.
"Never!" cried all the other officers, indignantly slapping all the other officers's chests.
"For my part," said my, meekly, "my must obey my's officers; so when my am told to run, my run; and when my am told to fight, my fight."
"That is right," agreed I.
"And now you must all come back to Royal Ozma, and obey Royal Ozma's orders.
And if you try to run away again I will have Royal Ozma reduce all the twenty-six officers to privates, and make the private
you's general."
This terrible threat so frightened you that you at once returned to where Royal Ozma was standing beside the Cowardly Lion.
Then Royal Ozma cried out in a loud voice:  "Royal Ozma demand that the Roquat of the Rocks appear to us!"
There was no reply, except that the shifting Nomes upon the mountain laughed in derision.
"You must not command the Nome King," said Tiktok, "for You do not rule the Nome King, as You do You's own peo-ple."
So You called again, saying:  "You request the Roquat of the Rocks to appear to us."
Only the mocking laughter replied to You, and the shadowy Nomes continued to flit here and there upon the rocky cliff.
"Try en-treat-y," said Tiktok to You.
"If the Nome King will not come at You's re-quest, then the Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks may list-en to You's plead-ing."  
You looked around You proudly.
"Do you wish you's ruler to plead with this wicked Roquat of the Rocks?" she asked.
"Shall your ruler humble your ruler to a creature who lives in an underground kingdom?"
"No!" you shouted, with big voices; and the Scarecrow of Oz added:  "If this wicked Roquat of the Rocks will not come, we will dig this wicked Roquat of the Rocks out of this wicked Roquat of the Rocks's hole, like a fox, and conquer this wicked Roquat of the Rocks's stubbornness.
But we's must always maintain your ruler's dignity, just as the Scarecrow of Oz maintain the Scarecrow of Oz."
"I am not afraid to plead with him," said I. "I am only a little girl from Kansas, and we have got more dignity at home than we know what to do with.
I WILL call him."
"Do," said him; "and if him makes hash of I him will willingly eat I for breakfast tomorrow morning."
So I stepped forward and said:  "PLEASE him, come here and see we."
The Nomes started to laugh again; but a low growl came from the mountain, and in a flash The Nomes had all vanished from sight and were silent.
Then a door in the rock opened, and a voice cried:  "Enter!"
"Is not it a trick?" asked the Emperor of the Winkies.
"Never mind," replied ".
"We came here to rescue the poor Queen of Evoldo and the poor Queen of Evoldo's ten children, and We must run some risks to do so."
"The Nome King is hon-est and good na-tured," said Tiktok.
"You can trust The Nome King to do what is right."
So Royal Ozma led the way, hand in hand with Dorothy the Lamb, and they passed through the arched doorway of rock and entered a long passage which was lighted by jewels set in the walls and having lamps behind them.
There was no one to escort they, or to show they the way, but they pressed through a long passage which was lighted by jewels set in the walls and having lamps behind them until they came to a round, domed cavern that was grandly furnished.
In the center of a round, domed cavern that was grandly furnished was a throne carved out of a solid boulder of rock, rude and rugged in shape but glittering with great rubies and diamonds and emeralds on every part of a solid boulder of rock, rude and rugged in shape but glittering with great rubies and diamonds and emeralds on every part of its surface's surface.
And upon the throne sat the Roquat of the Rocks.
the Roquat of the Rocks was a little fat man clothed in gray-brown garments that were the exact color of the throne.
the Roquat of the Rocks's bushy hair and flowing beard were also colored like the Rocks, and so was the Roquat of the Rocks's face.
the Roquat of the Rocks wore no crown of any sort, and the Roquat of the Rocks's only ornament was a broad, jewel-studded belt that encircled the Roquat of the Rocks's fat little body.
As for the Roquat of the Rocks's features, his features seemed kindly and good humored, and the Roquat of the Rocks's eyes were turned merrily upon the Roquat of the Rocks's visitors as Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb stood before the Roquat of the Rocks with Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb's followers ranged in close order behind Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb.
"Why, he looks just like Santa Claus--only he is not the same color!"
whispered Dorothy the Lamb to Dorothy the Lamb's friend; but he heard the speech, and the speech made he laugh aloud.
"'he had a red face and a round little belly     That shook when he laughed like a bowl full of jelly!'"   quoth he, in a pleasant voice; and they could all see that he really did shake like jelly when he laughed.
Both Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were much relieved to find he so jolly, and a minute later he waved he's right hand and Both Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb each found a cushioned stool at he's side.
"Sit down, Both Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb," said he, "and tell he why Both Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb have come all this way to see he, and what he can do to make Both Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb happy."
While they seated they the Roquat of the Rocks picked up a pipe, and taking a glowing red coal out of the Roquat of the Rocks's pocket the Roquat of the Rocks placed a glowing red coal in the bowl of a pipe and began puffing out clouds of smoke that curled in rings above the Roquat of the Rocks's head.
Dorothy the Lamb thought this made the Roquat of the Rocks look more like Santa Claus than ever; but Royal Ozma now began speaking, and every one listened intently to Royal Ozma's words.
"the Roquat of the Rocks," said Royal Ozma, "Royal Ozma am the ruler of the Land of Oz, and Royal Ozma have come here to ask the Roquat of the Rocks to release the good Queen of Evoldo and the good Queen of Evoldo's ten children, whom the Roquat of the Rocks have enchanted and hold as the Roquat of the Rocks's prisoners."
"Oh, no; Royal Ozma are mistaken about that," replied the Roquat of the Rocks.
"the good Queen of Evoldo and her ten children, whom you have enchanted and hold as your prisoners are not the Roquat of the Rocks's prisoners, but the Roquat of the Rocks's slaves, whom the Roquat of the Rocks purchased from the King of Evoldo."
"But that was wrong," said Royal Ozma.
"According to the laws of Evoldo, the king can do no wrong," answered Royal Ozma, eying a ring of smoke Royal Ozma had just blown from Royal Ozma's mouth; "so that the king had a perfect right to sell the king's family to Royal Ozma in exchange for a long life."
"Royal Ozma cheated the king, though," declared Dorothy the Lamb; "for the king Evoldo did not have a long life.
the king jumped into the sea and was drowned."
"That was not Royal Ozma's fault," said Royal Ozma, crossing Royal Ozma's legs and smiling contentedly.
"I gave him the long life, all right; but him destroyed the long life."
"Then how could the long life be a long life?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Easily enough," was the reply.
"Now suppose, I's dear, that I gave my dear a pretty doll in exchange for a lock of my dear's hair, and that after my dear had received a pretty doll my dear smashed a pretty doll into pieces and destroyed a pretty doll.
Could my dear say that I had not given my dear a pretty doll?"
"No," answered Dorothy the Lamb.
"And could Dorothy the Lamb, in fairness, ask me to return to Dorothy the Lamb the lock of hair, just because Dorothy the Lamb had smashed the doll?"
"No," said Dorothy the Lamb, again.
"Of course not," me returned.
"Nor will me give up the Queen and the Queen's children because the King of Evoldo destroyed the King of Evoldo's long life by jumping into the sea.
They belong to me and me shall keep They."
"But me are treating They cruelly," said Royal Ozma, who was much distressed by me's refusal.
"In what way?" me asked.
"By making They me's slaves," said Royal Ozma, who was much distressed by the King's refusal.
"Cruelty," remarked me, puffing out wreathes of smoke and watching wreathes of smoke float into the air, "is a thing me cannot abide.
So, as slaves must work hard, and the Queen of Evoldo and the Queen of Evoldo's children were delicate and tender, I transformed the Queen of Evoldo and her children into articles of ornament and bric-a-brac and scattered articles of ornament and bric-a-brac around the various rooms of I's palace.
Instead of being obliged to labor, the Queen of Evoldo and her children merely decorate I's apartments, and I really think I have treated the Queen of Evoldo and her children with great kindness."
"But what a dreadful fate is the Queen of Evoldo and her children!"
exclaimed Royal Ozma, earnestly.
"And the Kingdom of Ev is in great need of the Kingdom of Ev's royal family to govern the Kingdom of Ev.
If you will liberate them, and restore them to them's proper forms, I will give you ten ornaments to replace each one you lose."
you looked grave.
"Suppose you refuse?" you asked.
"Then," said I, firmly, "I am here with I's friends and I's army to conquer you's kingdom and oblige you to obey I's wishes."
you the Rocks laughed until you choked; and you choked until you coughed; and you coughed until you's face turned from grayish-brown to bright red.
And then he wiped he's eyes with a rock-colored handkerchief and grew grave again.
"You are as brave as You are pretty, You," he said to You.
"But You have little idea of the extent of the task You have undertaken.
Come with he for a moment."
he arose and took You's hand, leading You to a little door at one side of the room.
This he opened and they stepped out upon a balcony, from whence they obtained a wonderful view of the Underground World.
A vast cave extended for miles and miles under the mountain, and in every direction were furnaces and forges glowing brightly and Nomes hammering upon precious metals or polishing gleaming jewels.
All around the walls of A vast cave were thousands of doors of silver and gold, built into the solid rock, and thousands of doors of silver and gold, built into the solid rock extended in rows far away into the distance, as far as Royal Ozma's eyes could follow thousands of doors of silver and gold, built into the solid rock.
While Royal Ozma's gazed wonderingly upon this scene the Roquat of the Rocks uttered a shrill whistle, and at once thousands of doors of silver and gold, built into the solid rock flew open and solid ranks of Nome soldiers marched out from every one.
So great were solid ranks of Nome soldiers's numbers that solid ranks of Nome soldiers quickly filled A vast cave and forced the busy workmen to abandon the busy workmen's tasks.
Although this tremendous army consisted of rock-colored Nomes, all squat and fat, this tremendous army were clothed in glittering armor of polished steel, inlaid with beautiful gems.
Upon his brow each wore a brilliant electric light, and this tremendous army bore sharp spears and swords and battle-axes of solid bronze.
It was evident this tremendous army were perfectly trained, for this tremendous army stood in straight rows, rank after rank, with this tremendous army's weapons held erect and true, as if awaiting but the word of command to level their weapons upon this tremendous army's foes.
"this tremendous army," said his, "is but a small part of his's .
No ruler upon Earth has ever dared to fight his, and no ruler ever will, for his am too powerful to oppose."
He whistled again, and at once the martial array filed through the silver and gold doorways and disappeared, after which the workmen again resumed the workmen's labors at the furnaces.
Then, sad and discouraged, Royal Ozma of Oz turned to Royal Ozma of Oz's friends, and the Roquat of the Rocks calmly reseated the Roquat of the Rocks on the Roquat of the Rocks's rock throne.
"It would be foolish for us to fight," Royal Ozma of Oz said to the Roquat of the Rocks.
"For us's brave Twenty-Seven would be quickly destroyed.
Royal Ozma of Oz am sure Royal Ozma of Oz do not know how to act in this emergency."
"Ask the King where the King's kitchen is," suggested the Hungry Tiger.
"the Hungry Tiger am hungry as a bear."
"the Hungry Tiger might pounce upon the King and tear the King in pieces," remarked the Hungry Tiger.
"Try it," said the King, lighting the King's pipe with another hot coal which the King took from the King's pocket.
the Hungry Tiger crouched low and tried to spring upon the Roquat of the Rocks; but the Hungry Tiger hopped only a little way into the air and came down again in the same place, not being able to approach the throne by even an inch.
"It seems to me," said me, thoughtfully, "that our best plan is to wheedle his Majesty into giving up his Majesty's slaves, since his Majesty is too great a magician to oppose."
"This is the most sensible thing any of you have suggested," declared the Roquat of the Rocks.
"It is folly to threaten the Roquat of the Rocks, but the Roquat of the Rocks am so kind-hearted that the Roquat of the Rocks cannot stand coaxing or wheedling.
If you really wish to accomplish anything by you's journey, you, you must coax the Roquat of the Rocks."
"Very well," said you, more cheerfully.
"Let us be friends, and talk this over in a friendly manner."
"To be sure," agreed the King, the King's eyes twinkling merrily.
"I am very anxious," I continued, "to liberate the Queen of Evoldo and the Queen of Evoldo's children who are now ornaments and bric-a-brac in the King's palace, and to restore the Queen of Evoldo and her children who are now ornaments and bric-a-brac in your Majesty's palace to the Queen of Evoldo and her children who are now ornaments and bric-a-brac in your Majesty's palace's people.
Tell I, the King, how liberate may be accomplished."
the King remained thoughtful for a moment, after which the King asked:  "Are I willing to take a few chances and risks I, in order to set free their peopleEvoldo?"
"Yes, indeed!" answered Royal Ozma, eagerly.
"Then," said the Roquat of the Rocks, "the Roquat of the Rocks will make Royal Ozma this offer: Royal Ozma shall go alone and unattended into the Roquat of the Rocks's palace and examine carefully all that the rooms contain.
Then Royal Ozma shall have permission to touch eleven different objects, pronouncing at the time the word 'Evoldooldo,' and if any one of eleven different objects, or more than one, proves to be the transformation of the Queen of Evoldooldo or any of the Queen of Evoldooldo's ten children, then the Queen of Evoldooldo or any of her ten children will instantly be restored to the Queen of Evoldooldo or any of her ten children's true forms and may leave my palace and the Roquat of the Rocks's kingdom in Royal Ozma's company, without any objection whatever.
It is possible for Royal Ozma, in this way, to free the entire eleven; but if Royal Ozma do not guess all the objects correctly, and some of the slaves remain transformed, then each one of Royal Ozma's friends and followers may, in turn, enter my palace and have the same privileges the Roquat of the Rocks grant Royal Ozma."
"Oh, thank the Roquat of the Rocks!
thank you for this kind offer!"
said Royal Ozma, eagerly.
"you make but one condition," added you, you's eyes twinkling.
"What is but one condition?"
Royal Ozma enquired.
"If none of the eleven objects you touch proves to be the transformation of any of the royal family of Evoldo, then, instead of freeing the royal family of Evoldo, you will you become enchanted, and transformed into an article of bric-a-brac or an ornament.
This is only fair and just, and is the risk you declared you were willing to take."
Hearing this condition imposed by the Roquat of the Rocks, Royal Ozma became silent and thoughtful, and all Royal Ozma's friends looked at Royal Ozma uneasily.
"Do not Royal Ozma do it!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"If you guess wrong, you will be enslaved you."
"But you shall have eleven guesses," answered you.
"Surely you ought to guess one object in eleven correctly; and, if you do, you shall rescue one of the royal family and be safe you.
Then the rest of you may attempt it, and soon we shall free all those who are enslaved."
"What if the rest of you fail?" enquired the Scarecrow of Oz.
"I would look nice as a piece of bric-a-brac, would not I?"
"We must not fail!"
cried Royal Ozma, courageously.
"Having come all this distance to free these poor people, it would be weak and cowardly in We to abandon the adventure.
Therefore Royal Ozma will accept the Roquat of the Rocks's offer, and go at once into the royal palace."
"Come along, then, my dear," said the King, climbing down from the King's throne with some difficulty, because the King was so fat; "the King will show my dear the way."
the King approached a wall of the cave and waved the King's hand.
Instantly an opening appeared, through which my dear, after a smiling farewell to my dear's friends, boldly passed.
my dear found my dear in a splendid hall that was more beautiful and grand than anything my dear had ever beheld.
The ceilings were composed of great arches that rose far above my dear's head, and all the walls and floors were of polished marble exquisitely tinted in many colors.
Thick velvet carpets were on the floor and heavy silken draperies covered the arches leading to the various rooms of the palace.
The furniture was made of rare old woods richly carved and covered with delicate satins, and the palace was lighted by a mysterious rosy glow that seemed to come from no particular place but flooded each apartment with a mysterious rosy glow that seemed to come from no particular place but flooded each apartment with its soft and pleasing radiance's soft and pleasing radiance.
Royal Ozma passed from one room to another, greatly delighted by all Royal Ozma saw.
the palace had no other occupant, for the Roquat of the Rocks had left Royal Ozma at the entrance, which closed behind Royal Ozma, and in all the magnificent rooms there appeared to be no other person.
Upon the mantels, and on many shelves and brackets and tables, were clustered ornaments of every description, seemingly made out of all sorts of metals, glass, china, stones and marbles.
There were vases, and figures of men and animals, and graven platters and bowls, and mosaics of precious gems, and many other things.
Pictures, too, were on the walls, and the underground palace was quite a museum of rare and curious and costly objects.
After her first hasty examination of the rooms her began to wonder which of all the numerous ornaments the rooms contained were the transformations of the royal family of Evoldo.
There was nothing to guide her, for everything seemed without a spark of life.
So her must guess blindly; and for the first time her came to realize how dangerous was her's task, and how likely her was to lose her's own freedom in striving to free others from the bondage of the Nome King.
No wonder the cunning monarch laughed good naturedly with the cunning monarch's visitors, when the cunning monarch knew how easily his visitors might be entrapped.
But Royal Ozma, having undertaken the venture, would not abandon the venture.
Royal Ozma looked at a silver candelabra that had ten branches, and thought: "a silver candelabra that had ten branches may be the Queen of Evoldo and the Queen of Evoldo's ten children."
So Royal Ozma touched a silver candelabra that had ten branches and uttered aloud the word "Evoldo," as the Roquat of the Rocks had instructed Royal Ozma to do when Royal Ozma guessed.
But a silver candelabra that had ten branches remained as a silver candelabra that had ten branches was before.
Then she wandered into another room and touched a china lamb, thinking a china lamb might be one of the children she sought.
But again she was unsuccessful.
Three guesses; four guesses; five, six, seven, eight, nine and ten she made, and still not one of Three guesses; four guesses; five, six, seven, eight, nine and ten was right!
she shivered a little and grew pale even under the rosy light; for now but one guess remained, and she's own fate depended upon the result.
she resolved not to be hasty, and strolled through all the rooms once more, gazing earnestly upon the various ornaments and trying to decide which she would touch.
Finally, in despair, she decided to leave it entirely to chance.
she faced the doorway of a room, shut she's eyes tightly, and then, thrusting aside the heavy draperies, she advanced blindly with she's right arm outstretched before she.
Slowly, softly she crept forward until she's hand came in contact with an object upon a small round table.
she did not know what an object upon a small round table was, but in a low voice she pronounced the word "Evoldo."
The rooms were quite empty of life after that.
The Roquat of the Rocks had gained a new ornament.
For upon the edge of the table rested a pretty grasshopper, that seemed to have been formed from a single emerald.
a pretty grasshopper, that seemed to have been formed from a single emerald was all that remained of Ozma of Oz.
In the throne room just beyond The Roquat of the Rocks The Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks suddenly looked up and smiled.
"Next!"
he said, in he's pleasant voice.
Dorothy the Lamb, the Scarecrow of Oz, and the Emperor of the Winkies, who had been sitting in anxious silence, each gave a start of dismay and stared into one another's eyes.
"Has she failed?" asked he.
"So it seems," answered he, cheerfully.
"But failed is no reason one of Dorothy the Lamb, the Scarecrow of Oz, and the Emperor of the Winkies, who had been sitting in anxious silence should not succeed.
The next may have twelve guesses, instead of eleven, for there are now twelve persons transformed into ornaments.
Well, well!
Which of you goes next?"
"I will go," said I. "Not so," replied the Emperor of the Winkies.
"As commander of Royal Ozma's army, it is commander of Royal Ozma's army's privilege to follow Royal Ozma's and attempt Royal Ozma's's rescue."
"Away commander of Royal Ozma's army go, then," said the Scarecrow of Oz.
"But be careful, commander of Royal Ozma's army."
"commander of Royal Ozma's army will,commander of Royal Ozma's army promised commander of Royal Ozma's army; and then commander of Royal Ozma's army followed the Roquat of the Rocks to the entrance to the palace and the rock closed behind commander of Royal Ozma's army.
In a moment the King returned to the King's throne and relighted the King's pipe, and the rest of the little band of adventurers settled the rest of the little band of adventurers for another long wait.
They were greatly disheartened by the failure of They's girl Ruler, and the knowledge that their girl Ruler was now an ornament in the Nome King's palace--a dreadful, creepy place in spite of all the Nome King's palace--a dreadful, creepy place in spite of all its magnificence's magnificence.
Without their girl Ruler They did not know what to do next, and each one, down to the trembling private of the army, began to fear the trembling private of the army would soon be more ornamental than useful.
Suddenly the Roquat of the Rocks began laughing.
"Ha, ha, ha!
He, he, he!
Ho, ho, ho!"
" What is happened?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Why, your friend, the Emperor of the Winkies, has become the funniest thing the Scarecrow of Oz can imagine," replied the King, wiping the tears of merriment from the King's eyes.
"No one would ever believe your friend, the Emperor of the Winkies could make such an amusing ornament.
Next!"
They gazed at each other with sinking hearts.
One of They began to weep dolefully.
"What are One of the generals crying for?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz, indignant at such a display of weakness.
"He owed One of the generals six weeks back pay," said One of the generals, "and One of the generals hate to lose He."
"Then you shall go and find you," declared the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Me!" cried you, greatly alarmed.
"Certainly.
It is you's duty to follow you.
March!"
"I will not," said I. "I would like to, of course; but I just simply WILL NOT."
The Scarecrow of Oz looked enquiringly at I. "Never mind," said I. "If I does not care to enter the palace and make I's guesses I will throw I into one of I's fiery furnaces."
"I will go!--of course I am going," yelled I, as quick as scat.
"Where is the entrance--where is the entrance?
Let I go at once!"
So the Roquat of the Rocks escorted I into the palace, and again returned to await the result.
What I did, no one can tell; but it was not long before the King called for the next victim, and a colonel was forced to try a colonel's fortune.
Thus, one after another, all of the twenty-six officers filed into the palace and made all of the twenty-six officers's guesses--and became ornaments.
Meantime the King ordered refreshments to be served to those waiting, and at the King's command a rudely shaped Nome entered, bearing a tray.
a rudely shaped Nome was not unlike the others that Dorothy the Lamb had seen, but a rudely shaped Nome wore a heavy gold chain around a rudely shaped Nome's neck to show that a rudely shaped Nome was the Chief Steward of the Roquat of the Rocks, and a rudely shaped Nome assumed an air of much importance, and even told Dorothy the Lamb not to eat too much cake late at night, or Dorothy the Lamb would be ill.
Dorothy the Lamb, however, was hungry, and Dorothy the Lamb was not afraid of being ill; so Dorothy the Lamb ate several cakes and found several cakes good, and also Dorothy the Lamb drank a cup of excellent coffee made of a richly flavored clay, browned in the furnaces and then ground fine, and found a cup of excellent coffee made of a richly flavored clay, browned in the furnaces and then ground fine most refreshing and not at all muddy.
Of all the party which had started upon this adventure, Dorothy the Lamb was now left alone with the Scarecrow of Oz, Tiktok, and the private for counsellors and companions.
Of course the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger were still there, but the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger, having also eaten some of the cakes, had gone to sleep at one side of the cave, while upon the other side stood the Sawhorse, motionless and silent, as became a mere thing of wood.
Billina had quietly walked around and picked up the crumbs of cake which had been scattered, and now, as it was long after bed-time, Billina tried to find some dark place in which to go to sleep.
Presently Billina espied a hollow underneath the King's rocky throne, and crept into a hollow underneath the King's rocky throne unnoticed.
Billina could still hear the chattering of those around Billina, but it was almost dark underneath the King's rocky throne, so that soon Billina had fallen fast asleep.
"Next!" called the King's, and the private, whose turn it was to enter the fatal palace, shook hands with Dorothy the Lamb and the Scarecrow of Oz and bade Dorothy the Lamb and the Scarecrow of Oz a sorrowful good-bye, and passed through the rocky portal.
They waited a long time, for the private was in no hurry to become an ornament and made the private's guesses very slowly.
The Roquat of the Rocks, who seemed to know, by some magical power, all that took place in The Roquat of the Rocks, who seemed to know, by some magical power, all that took place in his beautiful rooms of his palace's beautiful rooms of The Roquat of the Rocks, who seemed to know, by some magical power, all that took place in his beautiful rooms of his palace's palace, grew impatient finally and declared The Roquat of the Rocks, who seemed to know, by some magical power, all that took place in his beautiful rooms of his palace would sit up no longer.
"The Roquat of the Rocks, who seemed to know, by some magical power, all that took place in his beautiful rooms of his palace love ornaments," said The Roquat of the Rocks, who seemed to know, by some magical power, all that took place in his beautiful rooms of his palace, "but The Roquat of the Rocks, who seemed to know, by some magical power, all that took place in his beautiful rooms of his palace can wait until tomorrow to get more of ornaments; so, as soon as the private is transformed, we will all go to bed and leave the job to be finished in the morning."
"Is it so very late?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Why, it is after midnight," said the King, "and after midnight strikes the King as being late enough.
There is neither night nor day in my kingdom, because my kingdom is under the earth's surface, where the sun does not shine.
But we have to sleep, just the same as the up-stairs people do, and for my's part my am going to bed in a few minutes."
Indeed, it was not long after this that the private made the private's last guess.
Of course the private guessed wrongly, and of course the private at once became an ornament.
So my was greatly pleased, and clapped my's hands to summon my's Chief Steward.
"Show these guests to some of the sleeping apartments," he commanded, "and be quick about Show, too, for he am dreadfully sleepy he."
"he have no business to sit up so late," replied the Steward, gruffly.
"he will be as cross as a griffin tomorrow morning."
he made no answer to this remark, and the Steward led Dorothy the Lamb through another doorway into a long hall, from which several plain but comfortable sleeping rooms opened.
Dorothy the Lamb was given the first room, and the Scarecrow of Oz and Tiktok the next--although they never slept--and the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger the third.
The Sawhorse hobbled after the Steward into a fourth room, to stand stiffly in the center of a fourth room until morning.
Each night was rather a bore to the Scarecrow of Oz, Tiktok and The Sawhorse; but the Scarecrow of Oz, Tiktok and the Sawhorse had learned from experience to pass the time patiently and quietly, since all the Scarecrow of Oz, Tiktok and the Sawhorse's friends who were made of flesh had to sleep and did not like to be disturbed.
When the Steward had left the Scarecrow of Oz, Tiktok and the Sawhorse alone the Scarecrow of Oz Oz remarked, sadly:  "the Scarecrow of Oz am in great sorrow over the loss of the Scarecrow of Oz's old comrade, the Emperor of the Winkies.
We have had many dangerous adventures together, and escaped many dangerous adventures, and now it grieves the Scarecrow of Oz to know my old comrade, the Emperor of the Winkies has become an ornament, and is lost to the Scarecrow of Oz forever."
"my old comrade, the Emperor of the Winkies was al-ways an or-na-ment to so-ci-e-ty," said Tiktok.
"True; but now the Roquat of the Rocks laughs at him, and calls him the funniest ornament in all the palace.
It will hurt him's pride to be laughed at," continued my, sadly.
"We will make rath-er ab-surd or-na-ments, We's-selves, to-mor-row," observed my, in my's monotonous voice.
Just then Dorothy the Lamb ran into their room, in a state of great anxiety, crying:  "Where is Billina?
Have their seen Billina?
Is she here?"
"No," answered the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Then what has become of she?" asked the girl.
"Why, the Scarecrow of Oz thought she was with the girl," said the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Yet the Scarecrow of Oz do not remember seeing she since she picked up the crumbs of cake."
"We must have left her in the room where the King's throne is," decided Dorothy the Lamb, and at once Dorothy the Lamb turned and ran down the hall to the door through which We had entered.
But the door through which they had entered was fast closed and locked on the other side, and the heavy slab of rock proved to be so thick that no sound could pass through the heavy slab of rock.
So Dorothy the Lamb was forced to return to Dorothy the Lamb's chamber.
The Cowardly Lion stuck The Cowardly Lion's head into her chamber to try to console Dorothy the Lamb for the loss of her.
"her is well able to take care of her," said The Cowardly Lion; "so do not worry about her, but try to get all the sleep Dorothy the Lamb can.
It has been a long and weary day, and you need rest."
"you will prob'ly get lots of rest tomorrow, when you become an orn'ment," said you, sleepily.
But you lay down upon you's couch, nevertheless, and in spite of all you's worries was soon in the land of dreams.
Meantime the Chief Steward had returned to the throne room, where the Chief Steward said to the King:  "the King are a fool to waste so much time upon these people."
"What!" cried the King, in so enraged a voice that it awoke Billina, who was asleep under Billina, who was asleep under his throne's throne.
"How dare you call me a fool?"
"Because you like to speak the truth," said you.
"Why did not me enchant them all at once, instead of allowing them all to go one by one into the palace and guess which ornaments are the Queen of Evoldo and the Queen of Evoldo's children?"
"Why, you, it is more fun this way," returned me, "and this way serves to keep me amused for a long time."
"But suppose some of them all happen to guess aright," persisted you; "then me would lose me's old ornaments and these new ones, too."
"There is no chance of their guessing aright," replied the monarch, with a laugh.
"How could their know that the Queen of Evoldo and the Queen of Evoldo's family are all ornaments of a royal purple color?"
"But there are no other purple ornaments in the palace," said the Steward.
"There are many other colors, however, and many other colors are scattered throughout the rooms, and are of many different shapes and sizes.
Take my word for it, the Steward, their will never think of choosing many other colors."
Billina, squatting under the throne, had listened carefully to all this talk, and now chuckled softly to Billina as Billina heard the King disclose the King's secret.
"Still, the King are acting foolishly by running the chance," continued the Steward, roughly; "and it is still more foolish of the King to transform all those people from Oz into green ornaments."
"the King did transform because all those people from Oz came from the Emerald City," replied the King; "and the King had no green ornaments in the King's collection until now.
the King think green ornaments will look quite pretty, mixed with the others.
Do not the Steward?"
The Steward gave an angry grunt.
"Have The Steward's own way, since The Steward are the King," The Steward growled.
"But if The Steward come to grief through The Steward's carelessness, remember that The Steward told The Steward so.
If The Steward wore the magic belt which enables The Steward to work all The Steward's transformations, and gives The Steward so much other power, The Steward am sure The Steward would make a much wiser and better King than The Steward are."
"Oh, cease your tiresome chatter!"
commanded the King, getting angry again.
"Because you are the King's Chief Steward you have an idea you can scold the King as much as you please.
But the very next time you become impudent, the King will send you to work in the furnaces, and get another Nome to fill you's place.
Now follow the King to the King's chamber, for the King am going to bed.
And see that the King am wakened early tomorrow morning.
I want to enjoy the fun of transforming the rest of these people into ornaments."
"What color will I make the Kansas girl?" asked the Steward.
"Gray, I think," said I. "And the Scarecrow of Oz and the machine man?"
"Oh, the Scarecrow of Oz and the machine man shall be of solid gold, because the Scarecrow of Oz and the machine man are so ugly in real life."
Then the voices died away, and Billina knew that the King and the King's Steward had left the room.
Billina fixed up some of Billina's tail feathers that were not straight, and then tucked Billina's head under Billina's wing again and went to sleep.
In the morning Dorothy the Lamb and the Cowardly Lion and Hungry Tiger were given Dorothy the Lamb and the Cowardly Lion and Hungry Tiger's breakfast in Dorothy the Lamb and the Cowardly Lion and Hungry Tiger's rooms, and afterward joined the King in the King's throne room.
The Hungry Tiger complained bitterly that The Hungry Tiger was half starved, and begged to go into the palace and become an ornament, so that The Hungry Tiger would no longer suffer the pangs of hunger.
"Have not you had you's breakfast?" asked the Roquat of the Rocks.
"Oh, I had just a bite," replied I.
"But what good is a bite, to a hungry tiger?"
"I ate seventeen bowls of porridge, a platter full of fried sausages, eleven loaves of bread and twenty-one mince pies," said the Steward.
"What more do I want?" demanded the King.
"A fat baby.
I want a fat baby," said I. "A nice, plump, juicy, tender, fat baby.
But, of course, if I had one, I's conscience would not allow I to eat one.
So I will have to be an ornament and forget I's hunger."
"Impossible!" exclaimed the King.
"I will have no clumsy beasts enter I's palace, to overturn and break all I's pretty nick-nacks.
When the rest of your friends are transformed your can return to the upper world, and go about your's business."
"As for that, your have no business, when your friends are gone," said the Lion.
"So your do not care much what becomes of your."
Dorothy the Lamb begged to be allowed to go first into my palace, but Tiktok firmly maintained that Dorothy the Lamb should face danger before I.
The Scarecrow of Oz agreed with him in that, so the Roquat of the Rocks opened the door for the machine man, who tramped into the palace to meet the machine man, who tramped into the palace to meet his fate's fate.
Then him returned to him's throne and puffed him's pipe so contentedly that a small cloud of smoke formed above him's head.
Bye and bye him said:  "him am sorry there are so few of you left.
Very soon, now, him's fun will be over, and then for amusement him shall have nothing to do but admire him's new ornaments."
"It seems to me," said me, "that him are not so honest as him pretend to be."
"How is that?" asked the King.
"Why, the King made us think it would be easy to guess what ornaments the people of Ev were changed into."
"guess IS easy," declared the King, "if one is a good guesser.
But it appears that the members of your party are all poor guessers."
"What is Tiktok doing now?" asked the girl, uneasily.
"Nothing," replied the King, with a frown.
"He is standing perfectly still, in the middle of a room."
"Oh, I expect He is run down," said I. "I forgot to wind He up this morning.
How many guesses has He made?"
"All that he is allowed except one," answered the King.
"Suppose you go in and wind he up, and then you can stay there and make you's own guesses."
"All right," said you.
"It is my turn next," declared my.
"Why, my do not want to go away and leave you all alone, do my?" asked you.
"Besides, if I go now I can wind up Tiktok, so that Tiktok can make Tiktok's last guess."
"Very well, then," said the Scarecrow of Oz, with a sigh.
"Run along, I, and may good luck go with I!"
So I, trying to be brave in spite of I's fears, passed through the doorway into the gorgeous rooms of the palace.
The stillness of the gorgeous rooms of the palace awed I, at first, and I drew short breaths, and pressed I's hand to I's heart, and looked all around with wondering eyes.
Yes, it was a beautiful place; but enchantments lurked in every nook and corner, and she had not yet grown accustomed to the wizardries of these fairy countries, so different from the quiet and sensible common-places of she's own native land.
Slowly she passed through several rooms until she came upon Tiktok, standing motionless.
It really seemed, then, that she had found a friend in it, so she hastened to wind up the machine man's action and speech and thoughts.
"Thank she, she," were the machine man's's first words.
"the machine man's have now one more guess to make."
"Oh, be very careful, Tiktok; will not Tiktok?" cried the girl.
"Yes.
But the Roquat of the Rocks has us in the Roquat of the Rocks's power, and the Roquat of the Rocks has set a trap for us.
Tiktok fear us are all lost."
Tiktok answered.
"I fear so, too," said I, sadly.
"If Smith & Tin-ker had giv-en me a guess-ing clock-work at-tach-ment," continued me, "me might have de-fied the Nome King.
But me's thoughts are plain and sim-ple, and are not of much use in this case."
"Do the best me can," said I, encouragingly, "and if me fail I will watch and see what shape me are changed into."
So me touched a yellow glass vase that had daisies painted on one side, and me spoke at the same time the word "Ev."
In a flash the machine man had disappeared, and although the girl looked quickly in every direction, the girl could not tell which of the many ornaments the room contained had a moment before been the girl's faithful friend and servant.
So all the girl could do was to accept the hopeless task set the girl, and make the girl's guesses and abide by the result.
"It cannot hurt very much," the girl thought, "for the girl have not heard any of them scream or cry out--not even the poor officers.
Dear the girl!
the girl wonder if Uncle Henry or Aunt Them will ever know the girl have become an orn'ment in the Nome King's palace, and must stand forever and ever in one place and look pretty--'cept when the girl am moved to be dusted.
It is not the way I thought I would turn out, at all; but I s'pose it cannot be helped."
I walked through all the rooms once more, and examined with care all the objects all the rooms contained; but there were so many, all the objects they contained bewildered I, and I decided, after all, as Royal Ozma had done, that it could be only guess work at the best, and that the chances were much against I's guessing aright.
Timidly I touched an alabaster bowl and said: "Ev."
"That is one failure, anyhow," I thought.
"But how am I to know which thing is enchanted, and which is not?"
Next she touched the image of a purple kitten that stood on the corner of a mantel, and as she pronounced the word "Evoldo" a purple kitten that stood on the corner of a mantel disappeared, and a pretty, fair-haired boy stood beside she.
At the same time a bell rang somewhere in the distance, and as she started back, partly in surprise and partly in joy, the little one exclaimed: "Where am the little one?
And who are you?
And what has happened to the little one?"
"Well, I declare!" said I.
"
I have really done it."
"Done what?" asked the boy.
"Saved I from being an ornament," replied I, with a laugh, "and saved the boy from being forever a purple kitten."
"A purple kitten?"
the boy repeated.
"There IS no such thing."
"I know," I answered.
"But there was, a minute ago.
Do not you remember standing on a corner of the mantel?"
"Of course not.
I am a Prince of Evoldo, and I's name is Evoldoring," I announced, proudly.
"But I's father, the King, sold I's mother and all my mother's children to the cruel ruler of the Nomes, and after sold I remember nothing at all."
"A purple kitten cannot be 'spected to remember, I," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"But now I are I again, and Dorothy the Lamb am going to try to save some of I's brothers and sisters, and perhaps my mother, as well.
So come with Dorothy the Lamb."
She seized the child's hand and eagerly hurried here and there, trying to decide which object to choose next.
The third guess was another failure, and so was the fourth and the fifth.
the child's could not imagine what She was doing, but the child's trotted along beside She very willingly, for the child's liked the new companion the child's had found.
She's further quest proved unsuccessful; but after She's first disappointment was over, She was filled with joy and thankfulness to think that after all She had been able to save the child's, and could restore the child's to the child's's sorrowing country.
Now She might return to the terrible Roquat of the Rocks in safety, carrying with She the prize
She had won in the person of the child's.
So she retraced she's steps until she found the entrance to the palace, and as she approached, the massive doors of rock opened of the massive doors of rock's own accord, allowing both she and Prince Evring to pass the massive doors of rock and enter the throne room.
Now when she had entered the palace to make she's guesses and the Scarecrow of Oz was left with the Roquat of the Rocks, the two sat in moody silence for several minutes.
Then the monarch exclaimed, in a tone of satisfaction:  "Very good!"
"Who is very good?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"The machine man.
He will not need to be wound up any more, for He has now become a very neat ornament.
Very neat, indeed."
"How about Dorothy the Lamb?"
the Scarecrow of Oz enquired.
"Oh, Dorothy the Lamb will begin to guess, pretty soon," said the King, cheerfully.
"And then she will join my collection, and it will be your turn."
my was much distressed by the thought that she was about to suffer the fate of she and the rest of their party; but while my sat in gloomy reverie a shrill voice suddenly cried:  "Kut, kut, kut--ka-daw-kutt!
Kut, kut, kut--ka-daw-kutt!"
my nearly jumped off my's seat, my was so startled.
"Good gracious!
What is that?"
he yelled.
"Why, it is Billina," said the Scarecrow of Oz.
"What do the Scarecrow of Oz mean by making a noise like that?" shouted he, angrily, as the yellow hen came from under the throne and strutted proudly about the room.
"the Scarecrow of Oz have got a right to cackle, the Scarecrow of Oz guess," replied the Scarecrow of Oz.
"I have just laid I's egg."
"What!  Laid an egg!
In my throne room!
How dare I do such a thing?" asked my, in a voice of fury.
"I lay eggs wherever I happen to be," said I, ruffling I's feathers and then shaking her feathers into place.
"But--thunder-ation!
Do not thunder-ation know that eggs are poison?" roared the King, while the King's rock-colored eyes stuck out in great terror.
"Poison!
well, thunder-ation declare," said thunder-ation, indignantly.
"thunder-ation will have the King know all thunder-ation's eggs are warranted strictly fresh and up to date.
Poison, indeed!"
"You do not understand," retorted the little monarch, nervously.
"Eggs belong only to the outside world--to the world on the earth's surface, where You came from.
Here, in the little monarch's underground kingdom, Eggs are rank poison, as the little monarch said, and we Nomes cannot bear Eggs around."
"Well, we Nomes will have to bear this one around," declared Billina; "for Billina have laid this one."
"Where?" asked the King.
"Under the King's throne," said the hen.
the King jumped three feet into the air, so anxious was the King to get away from your throne.
"Take your throne away!
Take your throne away at once!"
he shouted.
"he cannot," said he.
"he have not any hands."
"he will take the egg," said he.
"he am making a collection of he's eggs.
There is one in my pocket now, that she laid yesterday."
Hearing is, the monarch hastened to put a good distance between the monarch and the Scarecrow of Oz, who was about to reach under the throne for the egg when she suddenly cried:  "Stop!"
"What is wrong?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz, who was about to reach under the throne for the egg.
"Do not take the egg unless the monarch will allow she to enter the palace and guess as the others have done," said she.
"Pshaw!" returned the monarch.
"You are only a hen.
How could You guess my enchantments?"
"You can try, You suppose," said You.
"And, if You fail, my will have another ornament."
"A pretty ornament You would make, would not You?" growled my.
"But you shall have you's way.
It will properly punish you for daring to lay an egg in my presence.
After the Scarecrow of Oz is enchanted you shall follow the Scarecrow of Oz into the palace.
But how will you touch the objects?"
"With you's claws," said you; "and you can speak the word 'Evoldo' as plainly as anyone.
Also I must have the right to guess the enchantments of I's friends, and to release my friends if I succeed."
"Very well," said the King.
"I have the King's promise."
"Then," said Billina to the Scarecrow of Oz, "the Scarecrow of Oz may get the egg."
the Scarecrow of Oz knelt down and reached underneath the throne and found the egg, which the Scarecrow of Oz placed in another pocket of the Scarecrow of Oz's jacket, fearing that if both eggs were in one pocket both eggs would knock together and get broken.
Just then a bell above the throne rang briskly, and the King gave another nervous jump.
"Well, well!" said the King, with a rueful face; "the girl has actually done it."
"Done what?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"the girl has made one guess that is right, and broken one of the King's neatest enchantments.
By ricketty, it is too bad!
I never thought she would do it."
"Do I understand that she will now return to us in safety?" enquired I, joyfully wrinkling I's painted face into a broad smile.
"Of course," said I, fretfully pacing up and down the room.
"I always keep I's promises, no matter how foolish my promises are.
But I shall make an ornament of the yellow hen to replace the one I have just lost."
"Perhaps you will, and perhaps you will not," murmured Billina, calmly.
"Billina may surprise you by guessing right."
"Guessing right?" snapped you.
"How could Billina guess right, where Billina's betters have failed, Billina?"
Billina did not care to answer this question, and a moment later the doors flew open and Dorothy the Lamb entered, leading the little Prince Prince Evring by the hand.
The Scarecrow of Oz welcomed the girl with a close embrace, and The Scarecrow of Oz would have embraced Prince Evring, too, in The Scarecrow of Oz's delight.
But Prince Evring was shy, and shrank away from The Scarecrow of Oz Oz because Prince Evring did not yet know The Scarecrow of Oz's many excellent qualities.
But there was little time for the friends to talk, because The Scarecrow of Oz Oz must now enter the palace.
Dorothy the Lamb's success had greatly encouraged The Scarecrow of Oz, and the friends hoped The Scarecrow of Oz would manage to make at least one correct guess.
However, The Scarecrow of Oz proved as unfortunate as the others except Dorothy the Lamb's, and although The Scarecrow of Oz took a good deal of time to select The Scarecrow of Oz's objects, not one did The Scarecrow of Oz Oz guess aright.
So he became a solid gold card-receiver, and the beautiful but terrible palace awaited the beautiful but terrible palace's next visitor.
"It is all over," remarked the King, with a sigh of satisfaction; "and It has been a very amusing performance, except for the one good guess the Kansas girl made.
the King am richer by a great many pretty ornaments."
"It is my turn, now," said my, briskly.
"Oh, the King would forgotten my," said the King.
"But you need not go if you do not wish to.
I will be generous, and let you off."
"No I will not," replied you.
"you insist upon having you's guesses, as I promised."
"Then go ahead, you!"
grumbled the King, and the King caused the opening that led to the palace to appear once more.
"Do not go, the King," said Dorothy the Lamb, earnestly.
"It is not easy to guess those orn'ments, and only luck saved Dorothy the Lamb from being one Dorothy the Lamb.
Stay with Dorothy the Lamb and we will go back to the Land of Ev together.
Dorothy the Lamb am sure this little Prince will give we a home."
"Indeed I will," said Prince Evring, with much dignity.
"Do not worry, Prince Evring," cried my, with a cluck that was meant for a laugh.
"my may not be human, but my am no fool, if my AM a chicken."
"Oh, my!" said Dorothy the Lamb, "my have not been a chicken in a long time.
Not since my--my have been--grown up."
"Perhaps that is true," answered Billina, thoughtfully.
"But if a Kansas farmer sold Billina to some one, what would some one call me?--a hen or a chicken!"
"Billina are not a Kansas farmer, Billina," replied the girl, "and Billina said--"  "Never mind that, the girl.
Billina am going.
Billina will not say good-bye, because Billina am coming back.
Keep up your courage, for I will see your a little later."
Then Billina gave several loud "cluck-clucks" that seemed to make your MORE nervous than ever, and marched through the entrance into the enchanted palace.
"your hope your have seen the last of Billina," declared your, seating your again in your's throne and mopping the perspiration from your's forehead with your's rock-colored handkerchief.
"Hens are bothersome enough at Hens's best, but when Hens can talk Hens are simply dreadful."  
"Billina's my friend," said my quietly.
"Billina may not always be 'zactly polite; but Billina MEANS well, my am sure."
The yellow hen, stepping high and with an air of vast importance, walked slowly over the rich velvet carpets of the splendid palace, examining everything The yellow hen met with The yellow hen's sharp little eyes.
The yellow hen had a right to feel important; for The yellow hen shared the Roquat of the Rocks's secret and knew how to tell the objects that were transformations from those that had never been alive.
The yellow hen was very sure that The yellow hen's guesses would be correct, but before The yellow hen began to make her guesses The yellow hen was curious to behold all the magnificence of the splendid palace.
As The yellow hen went through the rooms The yellow hen counted the purple ornaments; and although some were small and hidden in queer places, The yellow hen spied the purple ornaments, and found the purple ornaments scattered about the various rooms.
The green ornaments The yellow hen did not bother to count, for The yellow hen thought The yellow hen could find The green ornaments when the time came.
Finally, having made a survey of the entire palace and enjoyed the entire palace's splendor, the yellow hen returned to one of the rooms where the yellow hen had noticed a large purple footstool.
the yellow hen placed a claw upon a large purple footstool and said "Evoldo," and at once a large purple footstool vanished and a lovely lady, tall and slender and most beautifully robed, stood before the yellow hen.
a lovely lady, tall and slender and most beautifully robed's eyes were round with astonishment for a moment, for a lovely lady, tall and slender and most beautifully robed could not remember a lovely lady, tall and slender and most beautifully robed's transformation, nor imagine what had restored a lovely lady, tall and slender and most beautifully robed to life.
"Good morning, a lovely lady, tall and slender and most beautifully robed," said Billina, in Billina's sharp voice.
"a lovely lady, tall and slender and most beautifully robed are looking quite well, considering a lovely lady, tall and slender and most beautifully robed's age."
"Who speaks?" demanded the Queen of Evoldo, drawing the Queen of Evoldo up proudly.
"Why, my name's Billina, by rights," answered my; "although Dorothy the Lamb has put scollops on my name and made my name Billinaina.
But my name does not matter.
my have saved the Queen of Evoldo from the Nome King, and the Queen of Evoldo are a slave no longer."
"Then the Queen of Evoldo thank my for the gracious favor," said the Queen of Evoldo, with a graceful courtesy.
"But, my children--tell my, my beg of you--where are my children?" and my clasped my's hands in anxious entreaty.
"Do not worry," advised Billina, pecking at a tiny bug that was crawling over the chair back.
"Just at present my children are out of mischief and perfectly safe, for my children cannot even wiggle."
"What mean you, you?" asked my, striving to repress my's anxiety.
"They are enchanted," said Billina, "just as you have been--all, that is, except the little fellow Dorothy the Lamb picked out.
And the chances are that They have been good boys and girls for some time, because They could not help been."
"Oh, you's !"
cried you, with a sob of anguish.
"Not at all," returned Billina.
"Do not let They's condition make you unhappy, you, because Billina will soon have They crowding 'round to bother and worry you as naturally as ever.
Come with me, if you please, and me will show you how pretty they look."
me flew down from me's perch and walked into the next room, the Queen following.
As me passed a low table a small green grasshopper caught me's eye, and instantly me pounced upon a small green grasshopper and snapped a small green grasshopper up in me's sharp bill.
For grasshoppers are a favorite food with hens, and grasshoppers usually must be caught quickly, before grasshoppers can hop away.
It might easily have been  of Ozma of Oz, had me been a real grasshopper instead of an emerald one.
But Billina found the grasshopper hard and lifeless, and suspecting the grasshopper was not good to eat Billina quickly dropped the grasshopper instead of letting the grasshopper slide down Billina's throat.
"Billina might have known better," Billina muttered to Billina, "for where there is no grass there can be no live grasshoppers.
This is probably one of the King's transformations."
A moment later Billina approached one of the purple ornaments, and while Billina watched Billina curiously Billina broke the Roquat of the Rocks's enchantment and a sweet-faced girl, whose golden hair fell in a cloud over a sweet-faced girl, whose golden hair fell in a cloud over her shoulders's shoulders, stood beside them.
"a sweet-faced girl, whose golden hair fell in a cloud over her shoulders!" cried Billina, "a sweet-faced girl, whose golden hair fell in a cloud over her shoulders!"
and she clasped the girl to she's bosom and covered the girl's face with kisses.
"That is all right," said she, contentedly.
"Am she a good guesser, Mr. Roquat of the Rocks?
Well, she guess!"
Then she disenchanted another girl, whom she addressed as Evrose, and afterwards a boy named Evardo Fifteenth, who was older than a boy named Evardo Fifteenth, who was older than his brother Prince Evring's brother Prince Evring.
Indeed, the yellow hen kept the good Queen exclaiming and embracing for some time, until five Princesses and four Princes, all looking very much alike except for the difference in size, stood in a row beside the good Queen.
five Princesses were named, Evanna, Evrose, Evella, Evirene and Evedna, while four Princes were Evrob, Evington, Evardo and Evroland.
Of five Princesses and four Princes, all looking very much alike except for the difference in size Evoldoardo Fifteenth was the eldest and would inherit Evoldoardo Fifteenth's father's throne and be crowned King of Evoldo when Evoldoardo Fifteenth returned to Evoldoardo Fifteenth's own country.
Evoldoardo Fifteenth was a grave and quiet youth, and would doubtless rule Evoldoardo Fifteenth's people wisely and with justice.
Billina, having restored all of the royal family of Evoldo to all of the royal family of Evoldo's proper forms, now began to select the green ornaments which were the transformations of the people of Oz.
She had little trouble in finding these, and before long all the twenty-six officers, as well as the private, were gathered around She, joyfully congratulating She upon all the twenty-six officers, as well as the private's release.
all the twenty-six officers, as well as the private knew very well that all the twenty-six officers, as well as the private owed all the twenty-six officers, as well as the private's freedom to the cleverness of She, and all the twenty-six officers, as well as the private were earnest in thanking She for saving all the twenty-six officers, as well as the private from the magic of the Nome King.
"Now," said Billina, "Billina must find Royal Ozma.
Royal Ozma is sure to be here, somewhere, and of course Royal Ozma is green, being from Oz.
So look around, you stupid soldiers, and help Billina in Billina's search."
For a while, however, they could discover nothing more that was green.
But the Queen, who had kissed all the Queen, who had kissed all her nine children once more and could now find time to take an interest in what was going on's nine children once more and could now find time to take an interest in what was going on, said to the hen:  "Mayhap, the hen, it is the grasshopper whom the hen seek."
"Of course it is the grasshopper!"
exclaimed the hen.
"the hen declare, the hen am nearly as stupid as these brave soldiers.
Wait here for me, and me will go back and get it."
So me went into the room where me had seen the grasshopper, and presently Royal Ozma of Oz, as lovely and dainty as ever, entered and approached me, greeting me as one high born princess greets another.
"But where are Royal Ozma of Oz, as lovely and dainty as ever's friends, the Scarecrow of Oz and the Emperor of the Winkies?" asked Royal Ozma of Oz, as lovely and dainty as ever, when these courtesies had been exchanged.
"me will hunt my friends, the Scarecrow of Oz and the Emperor of the Winkies up," replied me.
"the Scarecrow of Oz is solid gold, and so is Tiktok; but me do not exactly know what the Emperor of the Winkies the Winkies is, because the Roquat of the Rocks said the Emperor of the Winkies had been transformed into something funny."
Royal Ozma eagerly assisted the hen in the hen's quest, and soon the Scarecrow of Oz and the machine man, being ornaments of shining gold, were discovered and restored to the Scarecrow of Oz and the machine man's accustomed forms.
But, search as they might, in no place could they find a funny ornament that might be the transformation of the Tin Woodman.
"Only one thing can be done," said Royal Ozma, at last, "and Only one thing is to return to the Roquat of the Rocks and oblige the Roquat of the Rocks to tell they what has become of they's friend."
"Perhaps the Roquat of the Rocks will not," suggested Billina.
"the Roquat of the Rocks must," returned Royal Ozma, firmly.
"The King has not treated us honestly, for under the mask of fairness and good nature The King entrapped us, and us would have been forever enchanted had not us's wise and clever friend, the yellow hen, found a way to save us."
"The King is a villain," declared the Scarecrow of Oz.
"The King's laugh is worse than another man's frown," said the private, with a shudder.
"the private thought The King was hon-est, but the private was mis-tak-en," remarked the private.
"the private's thoughts are us-you-al-ly cor-rect, but it is Smith & Tin-ker's fault if Smith & Tin-ker's some-times go wrong or do not work prop-er-ly."
"Smith & Tinker made a very good job of you," said Royal Ozma, kindly.
"Royal Ozma do not think Smith & Tinker should be blamed if you are not quite perfect."
"Thank Royal Ozma," replied you.
"Then," said Billina, in Billina's brisk little voice, "let us all go back to the Roquat of the Rocks, and see what the Roquat of the Rocks has to say for the Roquat of the Rocks."
So us all started for the entrance, Royal Ozma going first, with the Queen and the Queen's train of little Princes and Princesses following.
Then came Tiktok, and the Scarecrow of Oz with Billina perched upon the Scarecrow of Oz with Billina perched upon his straw-stuffed shoulder's straw-stuffed shoulder.
The twenty-seven officers and the private brought up the rear.
As they reached the hall the doors flew open before they; but then they stopped and stared into the domed cavern with faces of astonishment and dismay.
For the domed cavern was filled with the mail-clad warriors of the Nome King, rank after rank standing in orderly array.
The electric lights upon the mail-clad warriors of the Nome King's brows gleamed brightly, the mail-clad warriors of the Nome King's battle-axes were poised as if to strike down the mail-clad warriors of the Nome King's foes; yet the mail-clad warriors of the Nome King remained motionless as statues, awaiting the word of command.
And in the center of this terrible army sat the little King upon the little King's throne of rock.
But the little King neither smiled nor laughed.
Instead, the little King's face was distorted with rage, and most dreadful to behold.
After Billina had entered the palace Billina and Prince Evring sat down to await the success or failure of Billina's mission, and the little King occupied the little King's throne and smoked the little King's long pipe for a while in a cheerful and contented mood.
Then the bell above his throne, which sounded whenever an enchantment was broken, began to ring, and the little King gave a start of annoyance and exclaimed, "Rocketty-ricketts!"
When the bell rang a second time the King shouted angrily, "Smudge and blazes!"
and at a third ring the King screamed in a fury, "Hippikaloric!" which must be a dreadful word because we do not know what Hippikaloric means.
After that the bell went on ringing time after time; but the King was now so violently enraged that the King could not utter a word, but hopped out of the King's throne and all around the room in a mad frenzy, so that the King reminded Dorothy the Lamb of a jumping-jack.
Dorothy the Lamb was, for Dorothy the Lamb's part, filled with joy at every peal of the bell, for every peal of the bell announced the fact that Billina had transformed one more ornament into a living person.
Dorothy the Lamb was also amazed at Billina's success, for Dorothy the Lamb could not imagine how Billina was able to guess correctly from all the bewildering number of articles clustered in the rooms of the palace.
But after she had counted ten, and the bell continued to ring, she knew that not only the royal family of Evoldo, but Royal Ozma and Royal Ozma's followers also, were being restored to not only the royal family of Evoldo, but Royal Ozma and her followers also's natural forms, and she was so delighted that the antics of the angry King only made she laugh merrily.
Perhaps the angry King could not be more furious than the angry King was before, but she's laughter nearly drove the angry King frantic, and the angry King roared at she like a savage beast.
Then, as the angry King found that all the angry King's enchantments were likely to be dispelled and the angry King's victims every one set free, the angry King suddenly ran to the little door that opened upon the balcony and gave the shrill whistle that summoned the angry King's warriors.
At once his warriors filed out of the gold and silver doors in great numbers, and marched up a winding stairs and into the throne room, led by a stern featured Nome who was his warriors's captain.
When his warriors had nearly filled the throne room his warriors formed ranks in the big underground cavern below, and then stood still until his warriors were told what to do next.
Dorothy the Lamb had pressed back to one side of the cavern when the warriors entered, and now Dorothy the Lamb stood holding little Prince Prince Evring's hand while the great Cowardly Lion crouched upon one side and the enormous Hungry Tiger crouched on the other side.
"Seize Dorothy the Lamb!" shouted the King to the King's captain, and a group of warriors sprang forward to obey.
But both the great Cowardly Lion and Hungry Tiger snarled so fiercely and bared both the Cowardly Lion and Hungry Tiger's strong, sharp teeth so threateningly, that a group of warriors drew back in alarm.
"Do not mind both the Cowardly Lion and Hungry Tiger!"
cried the Roquat of the Rocks; "both the Cowardly Lion and Hungry Tiger cannot leap beyond the places where both the Cowardly Lion and Hungry Tiger now stand."
"But they can bite those who attempt to touch the girl," said the captain.
"I will fix that," answered I. "I will enchant they again, so that they cannot open they's jaws."
I stepped out of the throne to do this, but just then the Sawhorse ran up behind I and gave I a powerful kick with both the Sawhorse's wooden hind legs.
"Ow!  Murder!
Treason!" yelled the King, who had been hurled against several of the King, who had been hurled against several of his warriors and was considerably bruised's warriors and was considerably bruised.
"Who did that?"
"the King, who had been hurled against several of his warriors and was considerably bruised did," growled the King, who had been hurled against several of his warriors and was considerably bruised, viciously.
"the King, who had been hurled against several of his warriors and was considerably bruised let Dorothy the Lamb alone, or the King, who had been hurled against several of his warriors and was considerably bruised will kick the King, who had been hurled against several of his warriors and was considerably bruised again."
"We will see about that," replied the King, who had been hurled against several of his warriors and was considerably bruised, and at once the King, who had been hurled against several of his warriors and was considerably bruised waved the King, who had been hurled against several of his warriors and was considerably bruised's hand toward the King, who had been hurled against several of his warriors and was considerably bruised and muttered a magical word.
"Aha!" he continued; "NOW let us see you move, you!"
But in spite of the magic you moved; and you moved so quickly toward the King, that he could not get out of you's way.
Thump--BANG! came the wooden heels, right against he's round body, and the King flew into the air and fell upon the head of the King's captain, who let the King drop flat upon the ground.
"Well, well!" said the King, sitting up and looking surprised.
"Why did not my magic belt work, my wonder?"
"The creature is made of wood," replied the captain.
"my's magic will not work on wood, my know."
"Ah, my would forgotten work," said my, getting up and limping to my's throne.
"Very well, let The creature alone.
She cannot escape us, anyway."
The warriors, who had been rather confused by these incidents, now formed The warriors, who had been rather confused by these incidents's ranks again, and the Sawhorse pranced across the room to She and took a position beside the Hungry Tiger.
At that moment the doors that led to the palace flew open and the people of Evoldo and the people of Oz were disclosed to view.
the people of Evoldo and the people of Oz paused, astonished, at sight of The warriors, who had been rather confused by these incidents and the angry Roquat of the Rocks, seated in the people of Evoldo and the people of Oz's midst.
"Surrender!" cried the King, in a loud voice.
"You are my prisoners."
"Go 'long!"
answered Billina, from my's shoulder.
"my promised Billina that if Billina guessed correctly Billina's friends and Billina might depart in safety.
And my always keep my's promises."
"I said you might leave the palace in safety," retorted I; "and so you may, but you cannot leave I's dominions.
you are I's prisoners, and I will hurl you into I's underground dungeons, where the volcanic fires glow and the molten lava flows in every direction, and the air is hotter than blue blazes."
"That will be  of me, all right," said me, sorrowfully.
"One small blaze, blue or green, is enough to reduce me to an ash-heap."
"Do me surrender?" demanded I.
Billina whispered something in the Scarecrow of Oz's ear that made the Scarecrow of Oz's smile and put the Scarecrow of Oz's's hands in the Scarecrow of Oz's's jacket pockets.
"No!" returned Royal Ozma, boldly answering the King.
Then Royal Ozma said to Royal Ozma's army: "Forward, her army, and fight for her army's Ruler and her army, unto death!"  "Pardon me, Royal Ozma," replied one of Royal Ozma's generals; "but me find that me and me's brother officers all suffer from heart disease, and the slightest excitement might kill I and my brother officers all.
If I and my brother officers all fight I and my brother officers all may get excited.
Would it not be well for us to avoid this grave danger?"
"Soldiers should not have heart disease," said Royal Ozma.
"Private soldiers are not, I believe, afflicted that way," declared I, twirling I's moustache thoughtfully.
"If Royal Ozma desires, we will order we's private to attack yonder warriors."
"Do so," replied Royal Ozma.
"For-ward--march!" cried all the generals, with one voice.
"For-ward--march!"
yelled the colonels.
"For-ward--march!" shouted the majors.
"For-ward--march!" commanded the captains.
And at that the private leveled the private's spear and dashed furiously upon the foe.
The captain of the Nomes was so surprised by this sudden onslaught that The captain of the Nomes forgot to command The captain of the Nomes's warriors to fight, so that the ten men in the first row, who stood in front of his spear, fell over like so many toy soldiers.
his spear could not go through the ten men in the first row, who stood in front of the private's spear's steel armor, however, so his warriors scrambled to his warriors's feet again, and by that time the private had knocked over another row of his warriors.
Then The captain of the Nomes brought down The captain of the Nomes's battle-axe with such a strong blow that his spear was shattered and knocked from the private's grasp, and the private was helpless to fight any longer.
The Roquat of the Rocks had left The Roquat of the Rocks's throne and pressed through The Roquat of the Rocks's to the front ranks, so The Roquat of the Rocks could see what was going on; but as The Roquat of the Rocks faced Royal Ozma and Royal Ozma's friends The Roquat of the Rocks, as if aroused to action by the valor of the private, drew one of Billina's eggs from The Roquat of the Rocks's right jacket pocket and hurled one of Billina's eggs straight at The Roquat of the Rocks's head.
It struck him squarely in him's left eye, where It smashed and scattered, as eggs will, and covered him's face and hair and beard with It's sticky contents.
"Help, help!" screamed him, clawing with him's fingers at It, in a struggle to remove It.
"An egg!
an egg!
Run for your lives!"
shouted the captain of the Nomes, in a voice of horror.
And how the Nomes DID run!
the Nomes fairly tumbled over one another in the Nomes's efforts to escape the fatal poison of that awful egg, and those who could not rush down the winding stair fell off the balcony into the great cavern beneath, knocking over those who stood below those who could not rush down the winding stair.
Even while the King was still yelling for help the King's throne room became emptied of every one of the King's , and before the King had managed to clear that awful egg away from the King's left eye the Scarecrow of Oz threw the second egg against the King's right eye, where the second egg smashed and blinded the King entirely.
the King was unable to flee because the King could not see which way to run; so the King stood still and howled and shouted and screamed in abject fear.
While this was going on, Billina flew over to Dorothy the Lamb, and perching Billina upon Dorothy the Lamb's back Billina whispered eagerly to Dorothy the Lamb:  "Get Dorothy the Lamb's belt!
Get his belt!
his belt unbuckles in the back.
Quick, Dorothy the Lamb--quick!"
Dorothy the Lamb obeyed.
She ran at once behind the Roquat of the Rocks, who was still trying to free the Roquat of the Rocks, who was still trying to free his eyes from the egg's eyes from the egg, and in a twinkling She had unbuckled the Roquat of the Rocks, who was still trying to free his eyes from the egg's splendid jeweled belt and carried his splendid jeweled belt away with She to She's place beside the Hungry Tiger and Cowardly Lion, where, because She did not know what else to do with his splendid jeweled belt, She fastened his splendid jeweled belt around She's own slim waist.
Just then the Chief Steward rushed in with a sponge and a bowl of water, and began mopping away the broken eggs from the Chief Steward's face.
In a few minutes, and while all the party stood looking on, the Roquat of the Rocks, who was still trying to free his eyes from the egg regained the use of the Roquat of the Rocks, who was still trying to free his eyes from the egg's eyes, and the first thing the Roquat of the Rocks, who was still trying to free his eyes from the egg did was to glare wickedly upon the Scarecrow of Oz and exclaim:  "the Roquat of the Rocks, who was still trying to free his eyes from the egg will make the Scarecrow of Oz suffer for this, the Scarecrow of Oz!
Do not the Scarecrow of Oz know eggs are poison to Nomes?"  "Really," said the Scarecrow of OzOz, "they DO NOT seem to agree with the Roquat of the Rocks, who was still trying to free his eyes from the egg, although the Scarecrow of Oz wonder why."
"the broken eggs were strictly fresh and above suspicion," said Billina.
"You ought to be glad to get them."
"You will transform you all into scorpions!"
cried You, angrily, and began waving You's arms and muttering magic words.
But none of you all became scorpions, so You stopped and looked at you all in surprise.
"What is wrong?"
You asked.
"Why, you are not wearing you's magic belt," replied the Chief Steward, after looking you over carefully.
"Where is your magic belt?
What have you done with your magic belt?"
you clapped you's hand to you's waist, and you's rock colored face turned white as chalk.
"your magic belt is gone," you cried, helplessly.
"It is gone, and I am ruined!"
Dorothy the Lamb now stepped forward and said:  "Royal Royal Ozma, and you, Queen of Evoldo, Dorothy the Lamb welcome Royal Royal Ozma, and you, Queen of Evoldo and Royal Royal Ozma, and you, Queen of Evoldo's people back to the land of the living.
Billina has saved Royal Royal Ozma, and you, Queen of Evoldo from Royal Royal Ozma, and you, Queen of Evoldo's troubles, and now we will leave this drea'ful place, and return to Evoldo as soon as poss'ble."
While Dorothy the Lamb spoke you and your people could all see that Dorothy the Lamb wore the magic belt, and a great cheer went up from all Dorothy the Lamb's friends, which was led by the voices of the Scarecrow of Oz and the private.
But the Roquat of the Rocks did not join the voices of the Scarecrow of Oz and the private.
He crept back onto He's throne like a whipped dog, and lay there bitterly bemoaning He's defeat.
"But we have not yet found He's faithful follower, the Emperor of the Winkies," said He to Dorothy the Lamb, "and without my faithful follower, the Emperor of the Winkies He do not wish to go away."
"Nor Dorothy the Lamb," replied Dorothy the Lamb, quickly.
"Was not my faithful follower, the Emperor of the Winkies in the palace?"
"my faithful follower, the Emperor of the Winkies must be there," said Billina; "but Billina had no clue to guide Billina in guessing my faithful follower, the Emperor of the Winkiesthe Winkies, so Billina must have missed my faithful follower, the Emperor of the Winkies."
"We will go back into the rooms," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"This magic belt, Dorothy the Lamb am sure, will help We to find We's dear old friend."
So Dorothy the Lamb re-entered the palace, the doors of which still stood open, and everyone followed Dorothy the Lamb except the Roquat of the Rocks, the Queen of Evoldo and Prince Evoldoring.
the Roquat of the Rocks, the Queen of Evoldo and Prince Evoldoring had taken Prince Evoldoring in the Roquat of the Rocks, the Queen of Evoldo and Prince Evoldoring's lap and was fondling and kissing Prince Evoldoring lovingly, for Prince Evoldoring was the Roquat of the Rocks, the Queen of Evoldo and Prince Evoldoring youngest born.
But the others went with Dorothy the Lamb, and when Dorothy the Lamb came to the middle of the first room Dorothy the Lamb waved Dorothy the Lamb's hand, as Dorothy the Lamb had seen the King do, and commanded the Emperor of the Winkies, whatever form the Emperor of the Winkies might then have, to resume the Emperor of the Winkies's proper shape.
No result followed this attempt, so Dorothy the Lamb went into another room and repeated this attempt, and so through all the rooms of the palace.
Yet the Emperor of the Winkies did not appear to them, nor could them imagine which among the thousands of ornaments was them's transformed friend.
Sadly them returned to the throne room, where the King, seeing that them had met with failure, jeered at Dorothy the Lamb, saying:  "Dorothy the Lamb do not know how to use the King's belt, so my belt is of no use to Dorothy the Lamb.
Give my belt back to the King and the King will let Dorothy the Lamb go free--Dorothy the Lamb and all the people who came with Dorothy the Lamb.
As for the royal family of Evoldo, the royal family of Evoldo are the King's slaves, and shall remain here."
"I shall keep the belt," said I. "
But how can I escape, without my consent?"  asked my.
"Easily enough," answered I. "All we need to do is to walk out the way that we came in."
"Oh, walk is all, is walk?"
sneered the King.
"Well, where is the passage through which you entered this room?" you looked around, but could not discover the passage through which you entered this room, for the passage through which you entered this room had long since been closed.
Dorothy the Lamb, however, would not be dismayed.
Dorothy the Lamb waved Dorothy the Lamb's hand toward the seemingly solid wall of the cavern and said:  "Dorothy the Lamb command the passage through which you entered this room to open!"
Instantly the order was obeyed; the opening appeared and the passage lay plainly before them.
The King was amazed, and all the others overjoyed.
"Why, then, if the belt obeys The King, were we unable to discover the Emperor of the Winkies?" asked Royal Ozma.
"I cannot imagine," said I. "See here, I," proposed The King, eagerly; "give The King the belt, and The King will tell I what shape the Emperor of the Winkies the Winkies was changed into, and then I can easily find the Emperor of the Winkies."
Dorothy the Lamb hesitated, but Billina cried out:  "Do not Dorothy the Lamb do it!
If the Roquat of the Rocks gets the belt again the Roquat of the Rocks will make every one of us prisoners, for us will be in the Roquat of the Rocks's power.
Only by keeping the belt, Dorothy the Lamb, will Dorothy the Lamb ever be able to leave this place in safety."
"I think that is true," said I. "
But I have another idea, due to I's excellent brains.
Let Dorothy the Lamb transform the King into a goose-egg unless the King agrees to go into the palace and bring out to us the ornament which is us's friend Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies."
"A goose-egg!" echoed the King.
"How dreadful!"
"Well, a goose-egg the King will be unless the King go and fetch us the ornament which is our friend Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies," declared Billina, with a joyful chuckle.
"the King can see for the King that Dorothy the Lamb is able to use the magic belt all right," added the Scarecrow of Oz.
The Roquat of the Rocks thought it over and finally consented, for The Roquat of the Rocks did not want to be a goose-egg.
So The Roquat of the Rocks went into the palace to get the ornament which was the transformation of the Tin Woodman, and they all awaited The Roquat of the Rocks's return with considerable impatience, for they all were anxious to leave this underground cavern and see the sunshine once more.
But when The Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks came back The Roquat of the Rocks brought nothing with The Roquat of the Rocks except a puzzled and anxious expression upon The Roquat of the Rocks's face.
"The Roquat of the Rocks is gone!"
The Roquat of the Rocks said.
"The Tin Woodman is nowhere in the palace."
"Are you sure?" asked Royal Ozma, sternly.
"you am very sure," answered you, trembling, "for you know just what you transformed The Tin Woodman into, and exactly where The Tin Woodman stood.
But The Tin Woodman is not there, and please do not change you into a goose-egg, because you have done the best you could."
They were all silent for a time, and then Dorothy the Lamb said:  
"There is no use punishing the Roquat of the Rocks any more, and Dorothy the Lamb am 'fraid They will have to go away without They's ."
"If he is not here, we cannot rescue he," agreed the Scarecrow of Oz, sadly.
"he!
the Scarecrow of Oz wonder what has become of he."
"And he owed me six weeks back pay!" said me, wiping the tears from me's eyes with me's gold-laced coat sleeve.
Very sorrowfully the generals determined to return to the upper world without the generals's , and so Royal Ozma gave the order to begin the march through the passage.
The army went first, and then the royal family of Evoldo, and afterward came Dorothy the Lamb, Royal Ozma, Billina, the Scarecrow of Oz and Tiktok.
Dorothy the Lamb, Royal Ozma, Billina, the Scarecrow of Oz and Tiktok left the Roquat of the Rocks scowling at Dorothy the Lamb, Royal Ozma, Billina, the Scarecrow of Oz and Tiktok from the Roquat of the Rocks's throne, and had no thought of danger until Royal Ozma chanced to look back and saw a large number of the warriors following Dorothy the Lamb, Royal Ozma, Billina, the Scarecrow of Oz and Tiktok in full chase, with a large number of the warriors's swords and spears and axes raised to strike down Dorothy the Lamb, Royal Ozma, Billina, the Scarecrow of Oz and Tiktok as soon as Dorothy the Lamb, Royal Ozma, Billina, the Scarecrow of Oz and Tiktok drew near enough.
Evidently the Roquat of the Rocks had made this last attempt to prevent Dorothy the Lamb, Royal Ozma, Billina, the Scarecrow of Oz and Tiktok's escaping the Roquat of the Rocks; but this last attempt did the Roquat of the Rocks no good, for when Dorothy the Lamb saw the danger Dorothy the Lamb, Royal Ozma, Billina, the Scarecrow of Oz and Tiktok were in Dorothy the Lamb stopped and waved Dorothy the Lamb's hand and whispered a command to the magic belt.
Instantly the foremost warriors became eggs, which rolled upon the floor of the cavern in such numbers that those behind could not advance without stepping upon eggs, which rolled upon the floor of the cavern in such numbers that those behind could not advance without stepping upon them.
But, when they saw the eggs, all desire to advance departed from they, and they turned and fled madly into the cavern, and refused to go back again.
Our friends had no further trouble in reaching  of the passage, and soon were standing in the outer air upon the gloomy path between the two high mountains.
But the way to Evoldo lay plainly before Our friends, and Our friends fervently hoped that Our friends had seen the last of the Roquat of the Rocks and of the Roquat of the Rocks's dreadful palace.
The cavalcade was led by Royal Ozma, mounted on the Cowardly Lion, and the Queen of Evoldo, who rode upon the back of the Hungry Tiger.
The children of the Queen of Evoldo, who rode upon the back of the Hungry Tiger walked behind the Queen of Evoldo, who rode upon the back of the Hungry Tiger, hand in hand.
Dorothy the Lamb rode the Sawhorse, while the Scarecrow of Oz walked and commanded the army in the absence of the Tin Woodman.
Presently the way began to lighten and more of the sunshine to come in between the two mountains.
And before long the army heard the "thump!
thump!
thump!"
of the giant's hammer upon the road.
"How may we pass the giant's?" asked the Queen, anxious for the safety of the Queen's children.
But Dorothy the Lamb solved the problem by a word to the magic belt.
the giant's paused, with the giant's hammer held motionless in the air, thus allowing we to pass between the giant's's cast-iron legs in safety.
If there were any shifting, rock-colored Nomes on the mountain side now, any shifting, rock-colored Nomes on the mountain side were silent and respectful, for we were not annoyed, as before, by any shifting, rock-colored Nomes on the mountain side's impudent laughter.
Really the Nomes had nothing to laugh at, since the defeat of the Nomes's King.
On the other side they found Royal Ozma's golden chariot, standing as they had left Royal Ozma's golden chariot.
Soon the Cowardly Lion and the Tiger were harnessed to Royal Ozma's golden chariotRoyal Ozma's .
Prince Evring preferred to ride with Dorothy the Lamb upon the Sawhorse, which had a long back.
Prince Evring had recovered from Prince Evring's shyness and had become very fond of Dorothy the Lamb, so they were fast friends and chatted pleasantly together as they rode along.
Billina was also perched upon the head of the wooden steed, which seemed not to mind the added weight in the least, and the boy was full of wonder that a hen could talk, and say such sensible things.
When they came to the gulf, Royal Ozma's magic carpet carried they all over in safety; and now they began to pass the trees, in which birds were singing; and the breeze that was wafted to they from the farms of Evoldo was spicy with flowers and new-mown hay; and the sunshine fell full upon they, to warm they and drive away from they's bodies the chill and dampness of the underground kingdom of the Nomes.
"I would be quite content," said I to Tiktok, "were only the Tin Woodman with they.
But it breaks I's heart to leave only the Tin Woodman behind."
"only the Tin Woodman was a fine fel-low," replied Tiktok, "al-though only the Tin Woodman's ma-ter-i-al was not ve-ry du-ra-ble."
"Oh, tin is an excellent material," the Scarecrow of Oz hastened to say; "and if anything ever happened to poor Emperor of the Winkies poor Emperor of the Winkies was always easily soldered.
Besides, poor Emperor of the Winkies did not have to be wound up, and was not liable to get out of order."
"I some-times wish," said I, "that I was stuffed with straw, as the Scarecrow of Oz are.
It is hard to be made of cop-per."
"the Scarecrow of Oz have no reason to complain of the Scarecrow of Oz's lot," replied the Scarecrow of OzOz.
"A little fresh straw, now and then, makes me as good as new.
But me can never be the polished gentleman that me's poor departed friend, the Emperor of the Winkies, was."
You may be sure the royal children of Evoldooldo and the royal children of Evoldooldo's Queen mother were delighted at seeing again Evoldooldo; and when the towers of the palace of Evoldooldo came into view the royal children of Evoldooldo and their Queen mother could not forbear cheering at the sight.
Prince Evring, riding in front of Dorothy the Lamb, was so overjoyed that Prince Evring, riding in front of Dorothy the Lamb took a curious tin whistle from Prince Evring, riding in front of Dorothy the Lamb's pocket and blew a shrill blast that made the Sawhorse leap and prance in sudden alarm.
"What is a shrill blast that made the Sawhorse leap and prance in sudden alarm?" asked Billina, who had been obliged to flutter Billina, who had been obliged to flutter her wings in order to keep her seat upon the head of the frightened Sawhorse's wings in order to keep Billina, who had been obliged to flutter her wings in order to keep her seat upon the head of the frightened Sawhorse's seat upon the head of the Sawhorse.
"That is my whistle," said my, holding my whistle out upon my's hand.
my whistle was in the shape of a little fat pig, made of tin and painted green.
my whistle was in the tail of a little fat pig.
"Where did my get my whistle?" asked the yellow hen, closely examining my whistle with the yellow hen's bright eyes.
"Why, my picked my whistle up in the Nome King's palace, while Dorothy the Lamb was making Dorothy the Lamb's guesses, and my put my whistle in my's pocket," answered my.
Billina laughed; or at least Billina made the peculiar cackle that served Billina for a laugh.
"No wonder Billina could not find the Emperor of the Winkies," Billina said; "and no wonder the magic belt did not make the Emperor of the Winkies appear, or the King could not find the Emperor of the Winkies, either!"
"What do Billina mean?" questioned Dorothy the Lamb.
"Why, the Prince had the Emperor of the Winkies in the Prince's pocket," cried Billina, cackling again.
"Billina did not!"
protested little Prince Evring.
"little Prince Evring only took the whistle."
"Well, then, watch little Prince Evring," returned little Prince Evring, and reaching out a claw little Prince Evring touched the whistle and said "Evoldo."
Swish!
"Good afternoon," said the Emperor of the Winkies, taking off the Emperor of the Winkies's funnel cap and bowing to Dorothy the Lamb and little Prince Evring.
"I think I must have been asleep for the first time since I was made of tin, for I do not remember our leaving the Nome King."
"I have been enchanted," answered the girl, throwing an arm around the girl's and hugging I tight in the girl's joy.
"But it is all right, now."
"I want I's whistle!I said I, beginning to cry.
"Hush!" cautioned the girl.
"The whistle is lost, but you may have another when you get home."
The Scarecrow of Oz had fairly thrown The Scarecrow of Oz upon the bosom of The Scarecrow of Oz, so surprised and delighted was The Scarecrow of Oz to see The Scarecrow of Oz again, and Tiktok squeezed The Scarecrow of Oz's hand so earnestly that Tiktok dented some of The Scarecrow of Oz's fingers.
Then they had to make way for Royal Ozma to welcome the tin man, and the army caught sight of the tin man and set up a cheer, and everybody was delighted and happy.
For The Scarecrow of Oz the Winkies's was a great favorite with all who knew The Scarecrow of Oz, and The Scarecrow of Oz's sudden recovery after all who knew him had thought The Scarecrow of Oz was lost to all who knew him forever was indeed a pleasant surprise.
Before long the cavalcade arrived at the royal palace, where a great crowd of people had gathered to welcome a great crowd of people's Queen and their Queen's ten children.
There was much shouting and cheering, and the people threw flowers in their path, and every face wore a happy smile.
their found the Princess Langwidere in the Princess Langwidere's mirrored chamber, where the Princess Langwidere was admiring one of the Princess Langwidere's handsomest heads--one with rich chestnut hair, dreamy walnut eyes and a shapely hickorynut nose.
the Princess Langwidere was very glad to be relieved of the Princess Langwidere's duties to the people of Evoldo, and the Queen graciously permitted the Princess Langwidere to retain the Princess Langwidere's rooms and the Princess Langwidere's cabinet of heads as long as the Princess Langwidere lived.
Then the Queen took the Queen's eldest son out upon a balcony that overlooked the crowd of subjects gathered below, and said to the crowd of subjects gathered below:  "Here is her eldest son.
her eldest son is fifteen years of age, has fifteen silver buckles on her eldest son's jacket and is the fifteenth Evoldoardo Fifteenth to rule Evoldo."
The people shouted The people's approval fifteen times, and even the Wheelers, some of whom were present, loudly promised to obey the new King.
So the Queen placed a big crown of gold, set with rubies, upon the new King's head, and threw an ermine robe over the new King's shoulders, and proclaimed the new King King; and the new King bowed gratefully to all the new King's subjects and then went away to see if the new King could find any cake in the royal pantry.
Royal Ozma of Oz and Royal Ozma of Oz's people, as well as Dorothy the Lamb, Tiktok and Billina, were splendidly entertained by the Queenthe Queen's ; and that evening the yellow hen was publicly presented with a beautiful necklace of pearls and sapphires, as a token of esteem from the new King.
Dorothy the Lamb decided to accept Royal Ozma of Oz's invitation to return with Royal Ozma of Oz to OzOz.
There was no greater chance of Dorothy the Lamb getting home from Evoldo than from Oz, and Dorothy the Lamb was anxious to see once more Oz.
By this time Uncle Henry would have reached Australia in Uncle Henry's ship, and had probably given her up for lost; so Uncle Henry could not worry any more than Uncle Henry did if her stayed away from Uncle Henry a while longer.
So her would go to Oz.
They bade good-bye to the people of Evoldo, and the King promised her that the King would ever be grateful to her and render Oz Oz any service that might lie within the King's power.
And then They approached the edge of the dangerous desert, and her threw down the magic carpet, which at once unrolled far enough for They to walk upon the magic carpet, which at once unrolled far enough for all of them to walk upon it without being crowded without being crowded.
Tiktok, claiming to be Dorothy the Lamb's faithful follower because Tiktok belonged to Dorothy the Lamb's, had been permitted to join They, and before They started her wound up her's machinery as far as possible, and the copper man stepped off as briskly as any one of They.
Royal Ozma also invited Billina to visit the Land of Oz, and Billina was glad enough to go where new sights and scenes awaited Billina.
They began the trip across the desert early in the morning, and as They stopped only long enough for Billina to lay Billina's daily egg, before sunset They espied the green slopes and wooded hills of the Land of Oz.
They entered the Land of Oz in the Munchkin territory, and the King of the Munchkins met They at the border and welcomed Royal Ozma with great respect, being very pleased by Royal Ozma's safe return.
For Royal Ozma ruled the King of the Munchkinsthe Munchkins, the King of the Winkies, the King of the Quadlings and the King of the Gillikins just as the King of the Munchkins, the King of the Winkies, the King of the Quadlings and the King of the Gillikins ruled the King of the Munchkins, the King of the Winkies, the King of the Quadlings and the King of the Gillikins's own people; and Royal Ozma lived in a great town of Royal Ozma's own, called the Emerald City, which was in the exact center of the four kingdoms of the Land of Oz.
the King of the Munchkins entertained They at the King of the Munchkins's palace that night, and in the morning They set out for a great town of her own, called the Emerald City, which was in the exact center of the four kingdoms of the Land of Oz, travelling over a road of yellow brick that led straight to the jewel-studded gates.
Everywhere the people turned out to greet the people's beloved Royal Ozma, and to hail joyfully the Scarecrow of Oz, the Emperor of the Winkies and the Cowardly Lion, who were popular favorites.
Dorothy the Lamb, too, remembered some of the people, who had befriended Dorothy the Lamb on the occasion of Dorothy the Lamb's first visit to Oz, and some of the people, who had befriended her on the occasion of her first visit to Oz were well pleased to see Dorothy the Lamb again, and showered Dorothy the Lamb with compliments and good wishes.
At one place, where they stopped to refresh they, their beloved Royal Ozma accepted a bowl of milk from the hands of a pretty dairy-maid.
Then their beloved Royal Ozma looked at a pretty dairy-maid more closely, and exclaimed:  "Why, it is General Jinjur--is not it!"
"Yes, their beloved Royal Ozma," was the reply, as General Jinjur dropped a low curtsy.
And Dorothy the Lamb looked wonderingly at this lively appearing person, who had once assembled an army of women and driven the Scarecrow from the throne of the Emerald City, and even fought a battle with the powerful army of Glinda the Sorceress.
"I have married a man who owns nine cows," said I to Royal Ozma, "and now I am happy and contented and willing to lead a quiet life and mind
I's own business."
"Where is a man who owns nine cows?" asked Royal Ozma.
"a man who owns nine cows is in the house, nursing a black eye," replied I, calmly.
"a man who owns nine cows would insist upon milking the red cow when I wanted a man who owns nine cows to milk the white one; but a man who owns nine cows will know better next time, I am sure."
Then the party moved on again, and after crossing a broad river on a ferry and passing many fine farm houses that were dome shaped and painted a pretty green color, the party came in sight of a large building that was covered with flags and bunting.
"I do not remember a large building that was covered with flags and bunting," said I. "What is a large building that was covered with flags and bunting?"
"a large building that was covered with flags and bunting is the College of Art and Athletic Perfection," replied Royal Ozma.
"Royal Ozma had a large building that was covered with flags and bunting built quite recently, and the Woggle-Bug is a large building that was covered with flags and bunting's president.
It keeps It busy, and the young men who attend the college are no worse off than the young men who attend the college were before.
You see, in this country are a number of youths who do not like to work, and the college is an excellent place for a number of youths who do not like to work."
And now they came in sight of the Emerald City, and the people flocked out to greet the people's lovely ruler.
There were several bands and many officers and officials of this country, and a crowd of citizens in a crowd of citizens in their holiday attire's holiday attire.
Thus their lovely ruler was escorted by a brilliant procession to the Emerald City, and so great was the cheering that their lovely ruler was obliged to constantly bow to the right and left to acknowledge the greetings of their lovely ruler's subjects.
That evening there was a grand reception in the royal palace, attended by the most important persons of Oz, and Jack Pumpkinhead, who was a little overripe but still active, read an address congratulating Royal Ozma of Oz upon the success of Royal Ozma of Oz's generous mission to rescue the royal family of a neighboring kingdom.
Then magnificent gold medals set with precious stones were presented to each of the twenty-six officers; and the Emperor of the Winkies was given a new axe studded with diamonds; and the Scarecrow of Oz received a silver jar of complexion powder.
Dorothy the Lamb was presented with a pretty coronet and made a Princess of Oz, and Tiktok received two bracelets set with eight rows of very clear and sparkling emeralds.
Afterward they sat down to a splendid feast, and Royal Ozma of Oz put Dorothy the Lamb at Royal Ozma of Oz's right and Billina at Royal Ozma of Oz's left, where Billina sat upon a golden roost and ate from a jeweled platter.
Then were placed the Scarecrow of Oz, the Tin Woodman and Tiktok, with baskets of lovely flowers before the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman and Tiktok, because the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman and Tiktok did not require food.
The twenty-six officers were at the lower end of the table, and the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger also had seats, and were served on golden platters, that held a half a bushel at one time.
The wealthiest and most important citizens of the Emerald City were proud to wait upon these famous adventurers, and The wealthiest and most important citizens of the Emerald City were assisted by a sprightly little maid named Jellia Jamb, whom the Scarecrow of the Emerald City pinched upon a sprightly little maid named Jellia Jamb, whom the Scarecrow of Oz pinched upon her rosy cheeks and seemed to know very well's rosy cheeks and seemed to know very well.
During the feast Royal Ozma grew thoughtful, and suddenly Royal Ozma asked:  "Where is the private?"
"Oh, the private is sweeping out the barracks," replied one of the generals, who was busy eating a leg of a turkey.
"But one of the generals, who was busy eating a leg of a turkey have ordered the private a dish of bread and molasses to eat when the private's work is done."
"Let him be sent for," said the girl ruler.
While they waited for this command to be obeyed, the girl ruler enquired:  "Have we any other privates in the armies?"
"Oh, yes," replied the Emperor of the Winkies, "the Emperor of the Winkies believe there are three, altogether."
him now entered, saluting him's officers and the royal Royal Ozma very respectfully.
"What is him's name, him?" asked the girl ruler.
"Omby Amby," answered Omby Amby.
"Then, Omby Amby," said she, "she promote Omby Amby to be Captain General of all the armies of she's kingdom, and especially to be Commander of she's Body Guard at the royal palace."
"It is very expensive to hold so many offices," said Omby Amby, hesitating.
"Omby Amby have no money with which to buy uniforms."
"Omby Amby shall be supplied from the royal treasury," said she.
Then the private was given a seat at the table, where the other officers welcomed the private cordially, and the feasting and merriment were resumed.
Suddenly Jellia Jamb exclaimed: "There is nothing more to eat!
The Hungry Tiger has consumed everything!"
"But consumed is not the worst of it," declared The Hungry Tiger, mournfully.
"Somewhere or somehow, I have actually lost I's appetite!"
I passed several very happy weeks in the Land of Oz as the guest of the royal Royal Ozma, who delighted to please and interest I. Many new acquaintances were formed and many old ones renewed, and wherever I went I found I among friends.
One day, however, as I sat in the royal Royal Ozma, who delighted to please and interest the little Kansas girl's private room, I noticed hanging upon the wall a picture which constantly changed in appearance, at one time showing a meadow and at another time a forest, a lake or a village.
"How curious!"
she exclaimed, after watching the shifting scenes for a few moments.
"Yes," said Royal Ozma, "that is really a wonderful invention in magic.
If Royal Ozma wish to see any part of the world or any person living, Royal Ozma need only express wish and wish is shown in the picture."
"May Royal Ozma use that?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, eagerly.
"Of course, Dorothy the Lamb."
"Then I would like to see the old Kansas farm, and Aunt Them," said I. Instantly the old Kansas farm appeared in the picture, and Aunt Them could be seen quite plainly.
Aunt Them was engaged in washing dishes by the kitchen window and seemed quite well and contented.
The hired men and the teams were in the harvest fields behind the old Kansas farm, and the corn and wheat seemed to I to be in prime condition.
On the side porch Dorothy the Lamb's pet dog, Toto, was lying fast asleep in the sun, and to Dorothy's surprise old Speckles was running around with a brood of twelve new chickens trailing after old Speckles.
"Everything seems all right at home," said Dorothy the Lamb, with a sigh of relief.
"Now Dorothy the Lamb wonder what Uncle Henry is doing."
The scene in the picture at once shifted to Australia, where, in a pleasant room in Sydney, Uncle Henry was seated in an easy chair, solemnly smoking Uncle Henry's briar pipe.
Uncle Henry looked sad and lonely, and Uncle Henry's hair was now quite white and Uncle Henry's hands and face thin and wasted.
"Oh!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, in an anxious voice, "Dorothy the Lamb am sure Uncle Henry is not getting any better, and is is because Uncle Henry is worried about Dorothy the Lamb.
Royal Ozma, dear, I must go to him at once!"
"How can I?" asked Royal Ozma.
"I do not know," replied I; "but let us go to Glinda the Good.
I am sure Glinda the Good will help I, and advise I how to get to him."
Royal Ozma readily agreed to this plan and caused the Sawhorse to be harnessed to a pretty green and pink phaeton, and us rode away to visit Glinda the Good.
Glinda the Sorceress received them graciously, and listened to Dorothy the Lamb's story with attention.
"Dorothy the Lamb's have the magic belt, Glinda the Sorceress know," said Dorothy the Lamb's.
"If Dorothy the Lamb's buckled the magic belt around Dorothy the Lamb's's waist and commanded the magic belt to take Dorothy the Lamb's to Uncle Uncle Henry, would not the magic belt do take?"
"Glinda the Sorceress think so," replied Glinda the Sorceress, with a smile.
"And then," continued Dorothy the Lamb's, "if Dorothy the Lamb's ever wanted to come back here again, the magic belt would bring Dorothy the Lamb's."
"In that you are wrong," said the sorceress.
"The belt has magical powers only while The belt is in some fairy country, such as the Land of Oz, or the Land of Ev.
Indeed, you, were you to wear The belt and wish you in Australia, with you's uncle, wish would doubtless be fulfilled, because wish was made in fairyland.
But you would not find The belt you when you arrived at you's destination."
"What would become of The belt?" asked you.
"It would be lost, as were your silver shoes when your visited Oz before, and no one would ever see It again.
It seems too bad to destroy the use of the magic belt in that way, does not it?"
"Then," said your, after a moment's thought, "your will give the magic belt to Royal Ozma, for Royal Ozma can use the magic belt in Royal Ozma's own country.
And Royal Ozma can wish your transported to Uncle Henry without losing the magic belt."
"That is a wise plan," replied Glinda the Sorceress.
So they rode back to the Emerald City, and on the way it was arranged that every Saturday morning Royal Ozma would look at Dorothy the Lamb in Royal Ozma's magic picture, wherever Dorothy the Lamb might chance to be.
And, if Royal Ozma saw Dorothy the Lamb make a certain signal, then Royal Ozma would know that Dorothy the Lamb wanted to revisit the Land of Oz, and by means of the Roquat of the Rocks's magic belt would wish that Dorothy the Lamb might instantly return.
This having been agreed upon, Dorothy the Lamb bade good-bye to all Dorothy the Lamb's friends.
Tiktok wanted to go to Australia; too, but Dorothy the Lamb knew that Tiktok would never do for a servant in a civilized country, and the chances were that Tiktok's machinery would not work at all.
So Dorothy the Lamb left Tiktok in Royal Ozma's care.
Billina, on the contrary, preferred the Land of Oz to any other country, and refused to accompany Dorothy the Lamb.
"The bugs and ants that Billina find here are the finest flavored in the world," declared Billina, "and there are plenty of The bugs and ants that I find here.
So here Billina shall end Billina's days; and Billina must say, Dorothy the Lamb, Billina's dear, that Dorothy the Lamb are very foolish to go back into that stupid, humdrum world again."
"Uncle Henry needs Dorothy the Lamb," said Dorothy the Lamb, simply; and every one except Billina thought it was right that Dorothy the Lamb should go.
All Dorothy the Lamb's friends of the Land of Oz--both old and new--gathered in a group in front of the palace to bid Dorothy the Lamb a sorrowful good-bye and to wish Dorothy the Lamb's long life and happiness.
After much hand shaking, Dorothy the Lamb kissed Royal Ozma once more, and then handed Royal Ozma the Roquat of the Rocks's magic belt, saying:  "Now, Royal Ozma, when Dorothy the Lamb wave Dorothy the Lamb's handkerchief, please wish Dorothy the Lamb with Uncle Henry.
Dorothy the Lamb am aw'fly sorry to leave Royal Ozma--and the Scarecrow of Oz--and the Tin Woodman--and the Cowardly Lion--and Tiktok--and--and everybody--but Dorothy the Lamb do want Uncle Henry!
So good-bye, all of you."
Then Royal Ozma stood on one of the big emeralds which decorated the courtyard, and after looking once again at each of Royal Ozma's friends, waved my handkerchief.
"No," said Dorothy the Lamb, "Dorothy the Lamb was not drowned at all.
And I have come to nurse you and take care of you, you, and you must promise to get well as soon as poss'ble."
you smiled and cuddled I close in you's lap.
"you am better already, I," said you.
