The Prince of Pingaree   If The Prince of Pingaree have a map of the Land of Oz handy, The Prince of Pingaree will find that the great Nonestic Ocean washes the shores of the Kingdom of Rinkitink, between the Kingdom of Rinkitink and the Land of Oz lies a strip of the country of the Nome King and a Sandy Desert.
the Kingdom of Rinkitink is not very big and lies close to the great Nonestic Ocean, all the houses and the King's palace being built near the shore.
The people live much upon the water, boating and fishing, and the wealth of the Kingdom of Rinkitink is gained from trading along the coast and with the islands nearest the Kingdom of Rinkitink.
Four days' journey by boat to the north of the Kingdom of Rinkitink is the Island of Pingaree, and as our story begins here The Prince of Pingaree must tell The Prince of Pingaree something about the Island of Pingaree.
At the north end of the Island of Pingaree, where the Island of Pingaree is widest, the land is a mile from shore to shore, but at the south end the land is scarcely half a mile broad; thus, although the Island of Pingaree is four miles long, from north to south, the Island of Pingaree cannot be called a very big island.
It is exceedingly pretty, however, and to the gulls who approach It from the sea It must resemble a huge green wedge lying upon the waters, for It's grass and trees give It the color of an emerald.
The grass came to the edge of the sloping shores; the beautiful trees occupied all the central portion of It, forming a continuous grove where the branches met high overhead and there was just space beneath the branches for the cosy houses of the inhabitants.
the cosy houses of the inhabitants were scattered everywhere throughout It, so that there was no town or city, unless It might be called a city.
The canopy of leaves, high overhead, formed a shelter from sun and rain, and the dwellers in a continuous grove where the branches met high overhead and there was just space beneath them for the cosy houses of the inhabitants could all look past the straight tree-trunks and across the grassy slopes to the purple waters of the Nonestic Ocean.
At the big end of It, at the north, stood the royal palace of King King Kitticut, the lord and ruler of It.
It was a beautiful palace, built entirely of snow-white marble and capped by domes of burnished gold, for the King was exceedingly wealthy.
All along the coast of Pingaree were found the largest and finest pearls in the whole world.
the largest and finest pearls in the whole world grew within the shells of big oysters, and the people raked big oysters from big oysters's watery beds, sought out the largest and finest pearls in the whole world and carried the largest and finest pearls in the whole world dutifully to the King.
Therefore, once every year the King was able to send six of the King's boats, with sixty rowers and many sacks of the largest and finest pearls in the whole world, to the Kingdom of King Rinkitink, where there was a city called Gilgad, in which King Rinkitink's palace stood on a rocky headland and served, with King King Rinkitink's palace's high towers, as a lighthouse to guide sailors to the harbor.
In a city called Gilgad, in which King King Rinkitink's palace the largest and finest pearls in the whole world Pingaree were purchased by King Rinkitink's treasurer, and six of his boats went back to Pingaree laden with stores of rich merchandise and such supplies of food as the people and the royal family of Pingaree needed.
The Pingaree people never visited any other land but that of Rinkitink, and so there were few other lands that knew there was such an island.
To the southwest was an island called the Isle of Phreex, where the inhabitants had no use for pearls.
And far north of Pingaree--six days' journey by boat, it was said--were twin islands named Regos and Coregos, inhabited by a fierce and warlike people.
Many years before this story really begins, ten big boatloads of a fierce and warlike people twin islands named Regos and Coregos, inhabited by a fierce and warlike people Coregos visited Pingaree, landing suddenly upon the north end of Pingaree.
There ten big boatloads of those fierce warriors of Regos and Coregos began to plunder and conquer, as was ten big boatloads of those fierce warriors of Regos and Coregos's custom, but The Pingaree people, although neither so big nor so strong as The Pingaree people's , were able to defeat ten big boatloads of those fierce warriors of Regos and Coregos and drive ten big boatloads of those fierce warriors of Regos and Coregos back to the sea, where a great storm overtook ten big boatloads of those fierce warriors of Regos and Coregos and destroyed ten big boatloads of those fierce warriors of Regos and Coregos and ten big boatloads of those fierce warriors of Regos and Coregos's boats, not a single warrior returning to not a single warrior's own country.
This defeat of the enemy seemed the more wonderful because the pearl-fishers of Pingaree were mild and peaceful in disposition and seldom quarreled even among the pearl-fishers of Pingaree.
the pearl-fishers of Pingaree's only weapons were the pearl-fishers of Pingaree's oyster rakes; yet the fact remains that the pearl-fishers of Pingaree drove the pearl-fishers of Pingaree's fierce enemies from Regos and Coregos from the pearl-fishers of Pingaree's shores.
King King Kitticut was only a boy when this remarkable battle was fought, and now King King Kitticut's hair was gray; but King King Kitticut remembered the day well and, during the years that followed, King King Kitticut's one constant fear was of another invasion of King King Kitticut's enemies.
King King Kitticut feared his enemies might send a more numerous army to King King Kitticut's island, both for conquest and revenge, in which case there could be little hope of successfully opposing his enemies.
This anxiety on the part of King King Kitticut led King King Kitticut to keep a sharp lookout for strange boats, one of King King Kitticut's men patrolling the beach constantly, but King King Kitticut was too wise to allow any fear to make King King Kitticut or King King Kitticut's subjects unhappy.
He was a good King and lived very contentedly in He's fine palace, with He's fair Queen Garee and their one child, Prince Inga.
The wealth of Pingaree increased year by year; and the happiness of the people increased, too.
Perhaps there was no place, outside the Land of Oz, where contentment and peace were more manifest than on this pretty island, hidden in the besom of the Nonestic Ocean.
Had these conditions remained undisturbed, there would have been no need to speak of Pingaree in this story.
their one child, Prince Inga, grew up surrounded by every luxury; but their one child, Prince Inga was a manly little fellow, although somewhat too grave and thoughtful, and their one child, Prince Inga could never bear to be idle a single minute.
He knew where the finest oysters lay hidden along the coast and was as successful in finding pearls as any of the men of the island, although He was so slight and small.
He had a little boat of He's own and a rake for dragging up the oysters and He was very proud indeed when He could carry a big white pearl to He's father.
There was no school upon the island, as the people of the island were far removed from the state of civilization that gives our modern children such advantages as schools and learned professors, but his father owned several manuscript books, the pages being made of sheepskin.
Being a man of intelligence, his father was able to teach his father's something of reading, writing and arithmetic.
When studying He's lessons He used to go into the grove near his father's palace and climb into the branches of a tall tree, where He had built a platform with a comfortable seat to rest upon, all hidden by the canopy of leaves.
There, with no one to disturb him, him would pore over the sheepskin on which were written the queer characters of the Pingarese language.
King King Kitticut was very proud of King King Kitticut's , as well King King Kitticut might be, and King King Kitticut soon felt a high respect for him's judgment and thought that him was worthy to be taken into the confidence of King King Kitticut in many matters of state.
King King Kitticut taught him the needs of the people and how to rule the people justly, for some day King King Kitticut knew that him would be King in King King Kitticut's place.
One day King King Kitticut called King King Kitticut's to King King Kitticut's side and said to him:  "Our island now seems peaceful enough, him, and Our are happy and prosperous, but King King Kitticut cannot forget those terrible people of Regos and Coregos.
King King Kitticut's constant fear is that those terrible people of Regos and Coregos will send a fleet of boats to search for those of those terrible people of Regos and Coregos's race whom Our defeated many years ago, and whom the sea afterwards destroyed.
If the warriors come in great numbers we may be unable to oppose the warriors, for my people are little trained to fighting at best; the warriors surely would cause we much injury and suffering."
"Are we, then, less powerful than in my grandfather's day?" asked my.
my shook my's head thoughtfully.
"It is not that," said my.
"That my may fully understand that marvelous battle, my must confide to, my a great secret.
I have in I's possession three Magic Talismans, which I have ever guarded with utmost care, keeping the knowledge of three Magic Talismans, which I have ever guarded with utmost care's existence from anyone else.
But, lest I should die, and the secret be lost, I have decided to tell you what three Magic Talismans, which I have ever guarded with utmost care are and where three Magic Talismans, which I have ever guarded with utmost care are hidden.
Come with I, you."
I led the way through the rooms of the palace until they came to the great banquet hall.
There, stopping in the center of the great banquet hall, I stooped down and touched a hidden spring in the tiled floor.
At once one of the tiles sank downward and the King reached within the cavity and drew out a silken bag.
a silken bag the King proceeded to open, showing Prince Inga that a silken bag contained three great pearls, each one as big around as a marble.
One had a blue tint and one was of a delicate rose color, but the third was pure white.
"three great pearls, each one as big around as a marble," said the King, speaking in a solemn, impressive voice, "are the most wonderful the world has ever known.
three great pearls, each one as big around as a marble were gifts to one of the King's ancestors from the Mermaid Queen, a powerful fairy whom one of my ancestors once had the good fortune to rescue from the Mermaid Queen, a powerful fairy whom he once had the good fortune to rescue from her enemies's enemies.
In gratitude for this favor she presented him with these pearls.
Each of these pearls possesses an astonishing power, and whoever is these pearls's owner may count their owner a fortunate man.
This one having the blue tint will give to the person who carries This one having the blue tint a strength so great that no power can resist the person who carries it.
The one with the pink glow will protect The one with the pink glow's owner from all dangers that may threaten its owner, no matter from what source all dangers that may threaten him may come.
The third pearl--this one of pure white--can speak, and The third pearl--this one of pure white's words are always wise and helpful."
"What is this, my father!" exclaimed my, amazed; "do my father tell my that a pearl can speak?
It sounds impossible."
"my's doubt is due to my's ignorance of fairy powers," returned my father, gravely.
"Listen, my father's , and my will know that my father speak the truth."
my father held the white pearl to my's ear and my heard a small voice say distinctly: "my father is right.
Never question the truth of what you fail to understand, for the world is filled with wonders."
"you crave your pardon, your," said you, "for clearly you heard the pearl speak, and the pearl's words were full of wisdom."
"The powers of the other pearls are even greater," resumed your.
"Were your poor in all else, the other pearls would make your richer than any other monarch the world holds."
"you believe make,you replied you, looking at the other pearls with much awe.
"But tell me, me's father, why do my father fear the warriors of Regos and Coregos when these marvelous powers are my father?"
"these marvelous powers are my father only while my father have the pearls upon my father's person," answered my father, "and my father dare not carry the pearls constantly for fear the pearls might be lost.
Therefore, my father keep the pearls safely hidden in this recess.
my father's only danger lies in the chance that my father's watchmen might fail to discover the approach of our enemies and allow our enemies to seize my father before my father could secure the pearls.
my father should, in that case, be quite powerless to resist.
My father owned the magic pearls at the time of the Great Fight, of which you have so often heard, and the pink pearl protected My father from harm, while the blue pearl enabled My father and My father's people to drive away the enemy.
Often have My suspected that the destroying storm was caused by the fairy mermaids, but was is a matter of which My have no proof."
"you have often wondered how we managed to win the Great Fight, of which you have so often heard," remarked you thoughtfully.
"But the magic pearls will assist we in case the warriors come again, will the magic pearls not?"  
"the magic pearls are as powerful as ever," declared My father.
"Really, you, My father have little to fear from any foe.
But lest I die and the secret be lost to the next King, I have now given the secret into your keeping.
Remember that these pearls are the rightful heritage of all Kings of Pingaree.
If at any time I should be taken from your, your, guard the secret well and do not forget where the secret is hidden."
"your shall not forget," said your.
Then I returned these pearls to these pearls's hiding place and your went to your's own room to ponder upon the secretyour's your's .
The Coming of King Rinkitink   A few days after this, on a bright and sunny morning when the breeze blew soft and sweet from the ocean and the trees waved the trees's leaf-laden branches, the Royal Watchman, whose duty it was to patrol the shore, came running to King Rinkitink with news that a strange boat was approaching the island.
At first King Rinkitink was sore afraid and made a step toward the hidden pearls, but the next moment King Rinkitink reflected that one boat, even if filled with enemies, would be powerless to injure King Rinkitink, so King Rinkitink curbed King Rinkitink's fear and went down to the beach to discover who the strangers might be.
Many of the men of Pingaree assembled there also, and Prince Prince Inga followed Prince Prince Inga's father.
Arriving at the water's edge, they all stood gazing eagerly at a strange boat.
a strange boat was quite a big boat, they all observed, and covered with a canopy of purple silk, embroidered with gold.
It was rowed by twenty men, ten on each side.
As It came nearer, Prince Inga could see that in the stern, seated upon a high, cushioned chair of state, was a little man who was so very fat that a little man who was so very fat that he was nearly as broad as he was high This man was nearly as broad as a little man who was so very fat that he was nearly as broad as he was high This man was high a little man who was so very fat that he was nearly as broad as he was high was dressed in a loose silken robe of purple that fell in folds to a little man who was so very fat that he was nearly as broad as he was high's feet, while upon a little man who was so very fat that he was nearly as broad as he was high's head was a cap of white velvet curiously worked with golden threads and having a circle of diamonds sewn around the band.
At the opposite end of It stood an oddly shaped cage, and several large boxes of sandalwood were piled near the center of It.
As It approached the shore a little man who was so very fat that he was nearly as broad as he was high got upon a little man who was so very fat that he was nearly as broad as he was high's feet and bowed several times in the direction of those who had assembled to greet a little man who was so very fat that he was nearly as broad as he was high, and as a little man who was so very fat that he was nearly as broad as he was high bowed a little man who was so very fat that he was nearly as broad as he was high flourished a cap of white velvet curiously worked with golden threads and having a circle of diamonds sewn around the band in an energetic manner.
a little man who was so very fat that he was nearly as broad as he was high's face was round as an apple and nearly as rosy.
When he stopped bowing he smiled in such a sweet and happy way that Prince Inga thought he must be a very jolly fellow.
The prow of the boat grounded on the beach, stopping the boat's speed so suddenly that he was caught unawares and nearly toppled headlong into the sea.
But he managed to catch hold of the chair with one hand and the hair of one of he's rowers with the other, and so steadied he.
Then, again waving he's jeweled cap around he's head, he cried in a merry voice:  "Well, here he am at last!"
"So I perceive," responded I, bowing with much dignity.
The fat man glanced at all the sober faces before The fat man and burst into a rollicking laugh.
Perhaps I should say a rollicking laugh was half laughter and half a chuckle of merriment, for the sounds The fat man emitted were quaint and droll and tempted every hearer to laugh with The fat man.
"Heh, heh--ho, ho, ho!"
The fat man roared.
"Did not expect The fat man, The fat man see.
Keek-eek-eek-eek!
This is funny--This is really funny.
Did not know I was coming, did you?
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo!
This is certainly amusing.
But I am here, just the same."
"Hush up!" said a deep, growling voice.
"You are making You ridiculous."
Everyone looked to see where a deep, growling voice came from; but none could guess who had uttered the words of rebuke.
The rowers of the boat were all solemn and silent and certainly no one on the shore had spoken.
But You did not seem astonished in the least, or even annoyed.
King King Kitticut now addressed the stranger, saying courteously:  "the stranger are welcome to the Kingdom of Pingaree.
Perhaps the stranger will deign to come ashore and at the stranger's convenience inform us whom us have the honor of receiving as a guest."
"Thanks; the stranger will," returned the stranger, waddling from the stranger's place in the boat and stepping, with some difficulty, upon the sandy beach.
"the stranger am King Rinkitink, of the City of Gilgad in the Kingdom of Rinkitink, and the stranger have come to the Kingdom of Pingaree to see for the stranger the monarch who sends to the City of Gilgad in the Kingdom of Rinkitink so many beautiful pearls.
the stranger have long wished to visit the Kingdom of Pingaree; and so, as the stranger said before, here the stranger am!"
"I am pleased to welcome you," said King Kitticut.
"But why has Your Majesty so few attendants?
Is it not dangerous for the King of a great country to make distant journeys in one frail boat, and with but twenty men?"
"Oh, Your Majesty suppose so,Your Majesty answered Your Majesty, with a laugh.
"But what else could Your Majesty do?
My subjects would not allow My to go anywhere at all, if My subjects knew go.
So My just ran away."
"Ran away!"
exclaimed King King Kitticut in surprise.
"Funny, is not it?
Heh, heh, heh--woo, hoo!" laughed King Rinkitink, and this is as near as I can spell with letters the jolly sounds of King Rinkitink's laughter.
"Fancy a King running away from a King's own ple--hoo, hoo--keek, eek, eek, eek!
But King Rinkitink had to, do not you see!"
"Why?" asked you.
"They are afraid King Rinkitink will get into mischief.
They do not trust me.
Keek-eek-eek--Oh, dear me!
Do not trust They's own King.
Funny, is not it?"
"No harm can come to me on this island," said King Kitticut, pretending not to notice the odd ways of King Kitticut's .
"And, whenever it pleases you to return to you's own country, I will send with you a fitting escort of I's own people.
In the meantime, pray accompany I to I's palace, where everything shall be done to make you comfortable and happy."
"Much obliged," answered you, tipping you's white cap over you's left ear and heartily shaking the hand of I. "you am sure I can make you comfortable if I have plenty to eat.
And as for being happy--ha, ha, ha, ha!--why, being is you's trouble.
I am too happy.
But stop!
I have brought I some presents in those boxes.
Please order I's men to carry some presents in those boxes up to the palace."
"Certainly," answered I, well pleased, and at once I gave your men the proper orders.
"And, by the way," continued the fat little King, "let them also take the fat little King's goat from my goat's cage."
"A goat!" exclaimed the King of Pingaree.
"Exactly; my goat.
the fat little King always ride my goat wherever the fat little King go, for the fat little King am not at all fond of walking, being a trifle stout--eh, King Kitticut?--a trifle stout!
Hoo, hoo, hoo-keek, eek!"
The Pingaree people started to lift the big cage out of the boat, but just then a gruff voice cried: "Be careful, The Pingaree people!" and as the words seemed to come from the goat's mouth
The Pingaree people were so astonished that The Pingaree people dropped the big cage upon the sand with a sudden jar.
"There!
the goat's told The Pingaree people so!"
cried a gruff voice angrily.
"The Pingaree people have rubbed the skin off the goat's's left knee.
Why on earth did not you handle me gently?"
"There, there, me," said King King Rinkitink soothingly; "do not scold, King King Rinkitink's .
Remember that these are strangers, and we these's guests."
Then King King Rinkitink turned to King Kitticut and remarked: "King Kitticut have no talking goats on King Kitticut's island, King King Rinkitink suppose."
"we have no goats at all," replied King Kitticut; "nor have we any animals, of any sort, who are able to talk."
"I wish I's animal could not talk, either," said I, winking comically at Prince Inga and then looking toward the cage.
"my animal is very cross at times, and indulges in language that is not respectful.
I thought, at first, it would be fine to have a talking goat, with whom I could converse as I rode about I's city on my animal's back; but--keek-eek-eek-eek!--the rascal treats I as if I were a chimney sweep instead of a King.
Heh, heh, heh, keek, eek!
A chimney sweep-hoo, hoo, hoo!--and I a King!
Funny, is not it?"
This last was addressed to Prince Prince Inga, whom he chucked familiarly under the chin, to Prince Prince Inga, whom he chucked familiarly under the chin, to the boy's great embarrassment's great embarrassment.
"Why do he not ride a horse?" asked King King Kitticut.
"he cannot climb upon his back, being rather stout; that is why.
Kee, kee, keek, eek!--rather stout--hoo, hoo, hoo!"
He paused to wipe the tears of merriment from He's eyes and then added: "But He can get on and off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back with ease."
He now opened the cage and Prince Bobo of Boboland's deliberately walked out and looked about Prince Bobo of Boboland's in a sulky manner.
One of the rowers brought from the boat a saddle made of red velvet and beautifully embroidered with silver thistles, which One of the rowers fastened upon Prince Bobo of Boboland's back.
He put He's leg over a saddle made of red velvet and beautifully embroidered with silver thistles, which he fastened upon the goat's back and seated He comfortably, saying:  "Lead on, Prince Bobo of Boboland's, and we will follow."
"What!
Up that steep hill?" cried the goat.
"Get off the goat's back at once, Rinkitink, or the goat will not budge a step.
"But-consider, Prince Bobo of Boboland," remonstrated the goat.
"How am the goat to get up that steep hill unless the goat ride?"  "Walk!"
growled Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland.
"But I am too fat.
Really, Prince Bobo of Boboland, I am surprised at Prince Bobo of Boboland.
Have not I brought Prince Bobo of Boboland all this distance so Prince Bobo of Boboland may see something of the world and enjoy life?
And now Prince Bobo of Boboland are so ungrateful as to refuse to carry I!
Turn about is fair play, Prince Bobo of Boboland.
The boat carried you to this shore, because you cannot swim, and now you must carry me up the hill, because me cannot climb.
Eh, you, is not that reasonable?"
"Well, well, well," said you, surlily, "keep quiet and you will carry me.
But me make you very tired, me, with me's ceaseless chatter."
After making this protest you Boboland began walking up the hill, carrying me upon you's back with no difficulty whatever.
Prince Prince Inga and Prince Prince Inga's father and all the men of Pingaree were much astonished to overhear this dispute between King King Rinkitink and King King Rinkitink's goat; but Prince Prince Inga and his father and all the men of Pingaree were too polite to make critical remarks in the presence of Prince Prince Inga and his father and all the men of Pingaree's guests.
King King Kitticut walked beside his goat and Prince Prince Inga followed after, the men coming last with the boxes of sandalwood.
When they neared the palace, the Queen and the Queen's maidens came out to meet they and Prince Prince Inga was escorted in state to the splendid throne room of the palace.
Here the boxes of sandalwood were opened and King King Rinkitink displayed all the beautiful silks and laces and jewelry with which the boxes of sandalwood were filled.
Every one of the courtiers and ladies received a handsome present, and the Queen and her maidens had many rich gifts and Prince Prince Inga not a few.
Thus the time passed pleasantly until the Chamberlain announced that dinner was served.
Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat declared that Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat preferred eating of the sweet, rich grass that grew abundantly in the palace grounds, and King Rinkitink said that the goat could never bear being shut up in a stable; so they removed the saddle from the goat's back and allowed the goat to wander wherever the goat pleased.
During dinner Prince Inga divided Prince Inga's attention between admiring the pretty gifts Prince Inga had received and listening to the jolly sayings of Prince IngaPrince Inga Prince Inga Prince Inga .
"For four days Prince Inga have lived in that narrow boat," said Prince Inga, "with no other amusement than to watch the rowers and quarrel with Prince Bobo of Boboland the goatBoboland; so Prince Inga am very glad to be on land again with such friendly and agreeable people."
"Prince Inga do us great honor," said King King Kitticut, with a polite bow.
"Not at all--not at all, my brother.
This Pingaree must be a wonderful island, for This Pingaree's pearls are the admiration of all the world; nor will my deny the fact that my's kingdom would be a poor one without the riches and glory my kingdom derives from the trade in its pearls.
So my have wished for many years to come here to see my brother, but my's people said: 'No! Stay at home and behave my, or my people will know the reason why.'"  "Will my people not miss Your Majesty from my's palace at Gilgad?" inquired King Kitticut.
"my think not," answered my.
"You see, one of my's clever subjects has written a parchment entitled 'How to be Good,' and my believed it would benefit my to study a parchment entitled 'How to be Good, as my consider the accomplishment of being good one of the fine arts.
I had just scolded severely I's Lord High Chancellor for coming to breakfast without combing my Lord High Chancellor's eyebrows, and was so sad and regretful at having hurt my Lord High Chancellor's feelings that I decided to shut I up in I's own room and study the scroll until I knew how to be good--hee, heek, keek, eek, eek!--to be good!
Clever idea, that, was not that?
Mighty clever!
And I issued a decree that no one should enter my own room, under pain of I's royal displeasure, until I was ready to come out.
They are awfully afraid of my royal displeasure, although not a bit afraid of I.
Then I put the parchment in I's pocket and escaped through the back door to I's boat--and here I am.
Oo, hoo-hoo, keek-eek!
Imagine the fuss there would be in Gilgad if I's subjects knew where I am this very minute!"
"I would like to see the parchment," said I, "for if the parchment indeed teaches one to be good the parchment must be worth the parchment's weight in pearls."
"Oh, the parchment is a fine essay," said King Rinkitink, "and beautifully written with a goosequill.
Listen to this: You will enjoy it--tee, hee, hee!--enjoy it."
He took from He's pocket a scroll of parchment tied with a black ribbon, and having carefully unrolled a scroll of parchment tied with a black ribbon, He proceeded to read as follows:  "'A Good Man is One who is Never Bad.'
How is is, eh?
Fine thought, what?
'Therefore, in order to be Good, you must avoid those Things which are Evil.'
Oh, hoo-hoo-hoo!--how clever!
When I get back I shall make the man who wrote that a royal hippolorum, for, beyond question, the man who wrote that is the wisest man in I's kingdom--as the man who wrote that has often told I the man who wrote that."
With this, King Rinkitink lay back in King Rinkitink's chair and chuckled King Rinkitink's queer chuckle until King Rinkitink coughed, and coughed until King Rinkitink choked and choked until King Rinkitink sneezed.
And King Rinkitink wrinkled King Rinkitink's face in such a jolly, droll way that few could keep from laughing with King Rinkitink, and even the good Queen was forced to titter behind even the good Queen's fan.
When King Rinkitink had recovered from King Rinkitink's fit of laughter and had wiped King Rinkitink's eyes upon a fine lace handkerchief, Prince Prince Inga said to King Rinkitink:  "that speaks truly."
"Yes, it is true beyond doubt," answered King Rinkitink, "and if King Rinkitink could persuade Prince Bobo of Boboland to read it Prince Bobo of Boboland would be a much better goat than Prince Bobo of Boboland is now.
Here is another selection: 'To avoid saying Unpleasant Things, always Speak Agreeably.'
another selection: 'To avoid saying Unpleasant Things, always Speak Agreeably would hit Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland, to a dot.
And here is one that applies to you, you: 'Good Children are seldom punished, for the reason that Good Children deserve no punishment.'
Now, King Rinkitink think that is neatly put, and shows King Rinkitink to be a deep thinker.
But the advice that has impressed me the most is in the following paragraph: 'You may not find it as Pleasant to be Good as it is to be Bad, but Other People will find it more Pleasant.'
Haw-hoo-ho! keek-eek!
'
Other People will find it more pleasant!'--hee, hee, heek, keek!--'more pleasant.'
Dear me--dear me!
Therein lies a noble incentive to be good, and whenever me get time me am surely going to try a noble incentive to be good."
Then he wiped he's eyes again with the lace handkerchief and, suddenly remembering he's dinner, seized he's knife and fork and began eating.
The Warriors from the North   King Rinkitink was so much pleased with the Island of Pingaree that he continued he's stay day after day and week after week, eating good dinners, talking with King King Kitticut and sleeping.
Once in a while he would read from he's scroll.
"For," said he, "whenever he return home, he's subjects will be anxious to know if he have learned 'How to be Good,' and he must not disappoint my subjects."
The twenty rowers lived on the small end of the Island of Pingaree, with the pearl fishers, and seemed not to care whether The twenty rowers ever returned to the Kingdom of Rinkitink or not.
Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat wandered over the grassy slopes, or among the trees, and passed the goat's days exactly as the goat pleased.
the goat's master seldom cared to ride the goat.
Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat Boboland was a rare curiosity to the islanders, but since there was little pleasure in talking with the goat the islanders kept away from the goat.
kept pleased the goatthe goat's .
Once Prince Prince Inga, wishing to be courteous, walked up to the goat and said: "Good morning, Prince Bobo of Boboland the goatBoboland."
"It is not a good morning," answered Prince Bobo of Boboland grumpily.
"It is cloudy and damp, and looks like rain."
"I hope Prince Bobo of Boboland are contented in our kingdom," continued I, politely ignoring Prince Bobo of Boboland's harsh words.
"Prince Bobo of Boboland am not," said Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland.
"Prince Bobo of Boboland am never contented; so it does not matter to Prince Bobo of Boboland whether Prince Bobo of Boboland am in our kingdom or in some other kingdom.
Go away--will you?"  "Certainly," answered you, and after this rebuff you did not again try to make friends with Prince Bobo of Boboland.
Now that the King, you's father, was so much occupied with Prince Bobo of Boboland, you was often left to amuse you, for a boy could not be allowed to take part in the conversation of two great monarchs.
you devoted you to you's studies, therefore, and day after day you climbed into the branches of you's favorite tree and sat for hours in you's "tree-top rest," reading the King, his father's precious manuscripts and thinking upon what you read.
You must not think that you was a molly-coddle or a prig, because you was so solemn and studious.
Being the King, his father's son and heir to a throne, you could not play with the other boys of Pingaree, and you lived so much in the society of the King and Queen, and was so surrounded by the pomp and dignity of a court, that you missed all the jolly times that boys usually have.
I have no doubt that had he been able to live as other boys do, he would have been much like other boys; as it was, he was subdued by he's surroundings, and more grave and thoughtful than one of he's years should be.
he was in he's tree one morning when, without warning, a great fog enveloped the Island of Pingaree.
he could scarcely see the tree next to that in which he sat, but the leaves above he prevented the dampness from wetting he, so he curled he up in he's seat and fell fast asleep.
All that forenoon a great fog continued.
King King Kitticut, who sat in King King Kitticut, who sat in his palace talking with his merry visitor's palace talking with King King Kitticut, who sat in his palace talking with his merry visitor's , ordered the candles lighted, that they might be able to see one another.
The good Queen, Prince Inga's mother, found it was too dark to work at The good Queen, Prince Inga's mother's embroidery, so The good Queen, Prince Inga's mother called The good Queen, Prince Inga's mother's maidens together and told her maidens wonderful stories of bygone days, in order to pass away the dreary hours.
But soon after noon the weather changed.
The dense fog rolled away like a heavy cloud and suddenly the sun shot the sun's bright rays over the island.
"Very good!"
exclaimed King King Kitticut.
"We shall have a pleasant afternoon, I am sure," and I blew out the candles.
Then I stood a moment motionless, as if turned to stone, for a terrible cry from without the palace reached I's ears--a terrible cry from without the palace.
Immediately there was a scurrying of feet as every one in the palace, filled with dismay, rushed outside to see what had happened.
Even fat little King Rinkitink sprang from Even fat little King Rinkitink's chair and followed Even fat little King Rinkitink's and the others through the arched vestibule.
After many years the worst fears of I were realized.
Landing upon the beach, which was but a few steps from the palace itself, were hundreds of boats, every one filled with a throng of fierce warriors.
a throng of fierce warriors sprang upon the beach, which was but a few steps from the palace itself with wild shouts of defiance and rushed to the palace itself, waving aloft a throng of fierce warriors's swords and spears and battleaxes.
the King's, so completely surprised that the King's was bewildered, gazed at a throng of fierce warriors with terror and grief.
"a throng of fierce warriors are the men of Regos and Coregos!"
the King's groaned.
"We are, indeed, lost!"
Then he bethought he, for the first time, of he's wonderful pearls.
Turning quickly, he ran back into the palace and hastened to the hall where his wonderful pearls were hidden.
But the leader of the warriors had seen he enter the palace and bounded after he, thinking he meant to escape.
Just as he had stooped to press the secret spring in the tiles, the leader of the warriors seized he from the rear and threw he backward upon the floor, at the same time shouting to the leader of the warriors's men to fetch ropes and bind he.
This they did very quickly and King King Kitticut soon found King King Kitticut helplessly bound and in the power of King King Kitticut's enemies.
In this sad condition King King Kitticut was lifted by his enemies and carried outside, when King King Kitticut looked upon a sorry sight.
The Queen and The Queen's maidens, the officers and servants of the royal household and all who had inhabited this end of the Island of Pingaree had been seized by his enemies and bound with ropes.
At once his enemies began carrying his enemies's victims to the boats, tossing their victims in as unceremoniously as if their victims had been bales of merchandise.
King King Kitticut looked around for King King Kitticut's son Prince Inga, but failed to find his son Prince Inga among their victims.
Nor was the fat King, King Rinkitink, to be seen anywhere about.
The warriors were swarming over the palace like bees in a hive, seeking anyone who might be in hiding, and after seeking had been prolonged for some time the leader asked impatiently: "Do The warriors find anyone else?"
"No," the leader's told the leader.
"The warriors have captured anyone else."
"Then," commanded the leader, "remove everything of value from the palace and tear down the palace's walls and towers, so that not one stone remains upon another!"
While the warriors were busy with this task we will return to the boy Prince, who, when the fog lifted and the sun came out, wakened from his sleep and began to climb down from his's perch in the tree.
But the terrifying cries of the people, mingled with the shouts of the warriors, caused his to pause and listen eagerly.
Then his climbed rapidly up the tree, far above his's platform, to the topmost swaying branches.
the tree, was somewhat taller than the other trees that surrounded the tree, and when his had reached the top his pressed aside the leaves and saw a great fleet of boats upon the shore--strange boats, with banners that his had never seen before.
Turning to look upon his's father's palace, his found his father's palace surrounded by a horde of enemies.
Then Prince Inga knew the truth: that the island had been invaded by the barbaric warriors from the north.
Prince Inga grew so faint from the terror of it all that Prince Inga might have fallen had Prince Inga not wound Prince Inga's arms around a limb and clung fast until the dizzy feeling passed away.
Then with Prince Inga's sash Prince Inga bound Prince Inga to a limb and again ventured to look out through the leaves.
the barbaric warriors from the north were now engaged in carrying King King Kitticut and Queen Garee and all King King Kitticut and Queen Garee and all their other captives's other captives down to the boats, where King King Kitticut and Queen Garee and all their other captives were thrown in and chained one to another.
It was a dreadful sight for Prince Inga to witness, but Prince Inga sat very still, concealed from the sight of anyone below by the bower of leafy branches around Prince Inga.
Prince Inga knew very well that Prince Inga could do nothing to help Prince Inga's beloved parents, and that if Prince Inga came down Prince Inga would only be forced to share his beloved parents's cruel fate.
Now a procession of the Northmen passed between the boats and the palace, bearing the rich furniture, splendid draperies and rare ornaments of which the palace had been robbed, together with such food and other plunder as a procession of the Northmen could lay a procession of the Northmen's hands upon.
After this, the men of Regos and Coregos threw ropes around the marble domes and towers and hundreds of warriors tugged at ropes until the marble domes and towers toppled and fell in ruins upon the ground.
Then the walls the walls themselves were torn down, till little remained of the palace but a vast heap of white marble blocks tumbled and scattered upon the ground.
Prince Inga wept bitter tears of grief as Prince Inga watched the ruin of the palace; yet Prince Inga was powerless to avert the ruin of his home.
When the palace had been demolished, some of the warriors entered some of the warriors's boats and rowed along the coast of the island, while the others marched in a great body down the length of the island.
They were so numerous that They formed a line stretching from shore to shore and They destroyed every house They came to and took every inhabitant prisoner.
The pearl fishers who lived at the lower end of the island tried to escape in The pearl fishers who lived at the lower end of the island's boats, but The pearl fishers who lived at the lower end of the island were soon overtaken and made prisoners, like The pearl fishers who lived at the lower end of the island.
Nor was there any attempt to resist They, for the sharp spears and pikes and swords of They terrified the hearts of the defenseless people of the island, whose sole weapons were the defenseless people of Pingaree, whose sole weapons were their oyster rakes's oyster rakes.
When night fell the island the island had been conquered by They, and all the island's people were slaves of They.
Next morning the men of Regos and Coregos, being capable of no further mischief, departed from the scene of the men of Regos and Coregos's triumph, carrying the men of Regos and Coregos's prisoners with the men of Regos and Coregos and taking also every boat to be found upon the island.
Many of every boat to be found upon the island the men of Regos and Coregos had filled with rich plunder, with pearls and silks and velvets, with silver and gold ornaments and all the treasure that had made the island famed as one of the richest kingdoms in the world.
And the hundreds of slaves the men of Regos and Coregos had captured would be set to work in the mines of Regos and the grain fields of Coregos.
So complete was the victory of the Northmen that it is no wonder the warriors sang songs of triumph as the warriors hastened back to the warriors's homes.
Great rewards were awaiting the warriors when the warriors showed the haughty King of Regos and the terrible Queen of Coregos the results of the warriors's ocean raid and conquest.
Chapter Four  The Deserted Island   All through that terrible night Prince Prince Inga remained hidden in Prince Prince Inga's tree.
In the morning Prince Prince Inga watched the great fleet of boats depart for the great fleet of boats's own country, carrying Prince Prince Inga's parents and Prince Prince Inga's countrymen with the great fleet of boats, as well as everything of value the Island of Pingaree had contained.
Sad, indeed, were Prince Prince Inga's thoughts when the last of the great fleet of boats had become a mere speck in the distance, but Prince Prince Inga did not dare leave Prince Prince Inga's perch of safety until all of the craft of the great fleet of boats had disappeared beyond the horizon.
Then Prince Prince Inga came down, very slowly and carefully, for Prince Prince Inga was weak from hunger and the long and weary watch, as Prince Prince Inga had been in his tree for twenty-four hours without food.
The sun shone upon the Island of Pingaree as brilliantly as if no ruthless invader had passed and laid the Island of Pingaree in ruins.
The birds still chirped among the trees and the butterflies darted from flower to flower as happily as when the land was filled with a prosperous and contented people.
Prince Inga feared that Prince Inga was left of all Prince Inga's nation.
Perhaps Prince Inga might be obliged to pass Prince Inga's life there alone.
Prince Inga would not starve, for the sea would give Prince Inga oysters and fish, and the trees fruit; yet the life that confronted Prince Inga was far from enticing.
Prince Inga's first act was to walk over to where the palace had stood and search the ruins until Prince Inga found some scraps of food that had been overlooked by the enemy.
He sat upon a block of marble and ate of this, and tears filled He's eyes as He gazed upon the desolation around He.
But He tried to bear up bravely, and having satisfied He's hunger He walked over to the well, intending to draw a bucket of drinking water.
Fortunately, the well had been overlooked by the invaders and a bucket of drinking water was still fastened to the chain that wound around a stout wooden windlass.
He took hold of the crank and began letting a bucket of drinking water down into the well, when suddenly He was startled by a muffled voice crying out:  "Be careful, up there!"
The sound and the words seemed to indicate that a muffled voice crying out:  "Be careful, up there came from the bottom of the well, so He looked down.
Nothing could be seen, on account of the darkness.
"Who are you?"
he shouted.
"It is I--King Rinkitink," came the answer, and the depths of the well echoed: "Tink-i-tink-i-tink!"
in a ghostly manner.
"Are you in the well?" asked he, greatly surprised.
"Yes, and nearly drowned.
I fell in while running from those terrible warriors, and I have been standing in this damp hole ever since, with I's head just above the water.
It is lucky the well was no deeper, for had my head been under water, instead of above the well--hoo, hoo, hoo, keek, eek!--under instead of over, you know--why, then I would not be talking to you now!
Ha, hoo, hee!"
And the well dismally echoed: "Ha, hoo, hee!" which you must imagine was a laugh half merry and half sad.
"I am awfully sorry," cried I, in answer.
"I wonder I have the heart to laugh at all.
But how am I to get I out?"
"I have been considering get all night," said I, "and I believe the best plan will be for I to let down the bucket to I, and I will hold fast to the bucket while I wind up the chain and so draw I to the top."
"I will try to do that," replied I, and I let the bucket down very carefully until I heard I call out:  "I have got the bucket!
Now pull me up--slowly, me's boy, slowly--so me will not rub against the rough sides."
my boy began winding up the chain, but me was so fat that me was very heavy and by the time my boy had managed to pull me halfway up the well me's strength was gone.
me clung to the crank as long as possible, but suddenly the crank slipped from me's grasp and the next minute me heard me fall "plump!"
into the water again.
"That is too bad!" called my boy, in real distress; "but me were so heavy my boy could not help fall."
"Dear me!"
gasped the King, from the darkness below, as the King spluttered and coughed to get the water out of the King's mouth.
"Why did not you tell the King you were going to let go?"
"you had not time," said you, sorrowfully.
"Well, the King am not suffering from thirst," declared the King, "for there is enough water inside the King to float all the boats of Regos and Coregos or at least it feels that way.
But never mind!
So long as I am not actually drowned, what does it matter?"
"What shall we do next?" asked the boy anxiously.
"Call someone to help the boy," was the reply.
"There is no one on the island but the boy," said the boy; "--excepting I," the boy added, as an afterthought.
"I am not on it--more's the pity!--but in it," responded I. "Are the warriors the warriors all gone?"
"Yes," said Prince Inga, "and they have taken Prince Inga's father and mother, and all our people, to be they's slaves," Prince Inga added, trying in vain to repress a sob.
"So--so!" said I softly; and then I paused a moment, as if in thought.
Finally I said: "There are worse things than slavery, but I never imagined a well could be one of worse things than slavery.
Tell me, Prince Inga, could Prince Inga let down some food to me?
me am nearly starved, and if Prince Inga could manage to send me down some food me would be well fed--hoo, hoo, heek, keek, eek!--well fed.
Do Prince Inga see the joke, Prince Inga?"  "Do not ask Prince Inga to enjoy a joke just now, me," begged Prince Inga in a sad voice; "but if me will be patient Prince Inga will try to find something for me to eat."
Prince Inga ran back to the ruins of the palace and began searching for bits of food with which to satisfy the hunger of me, when to Prince Inga's surprise Prince Inga observed the goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland, wandering among the marble blocks.
"What!" cried Prince Inga.
"Did not the warriors get you, either?"
"If the warriors had," calmly replied you, "you should not be here."
"But how did you escape?" asked the boy.
"Easily enough.
you kept you's mouth shut and stayed away from the rascals," said you.
"I knew that the soldiers would not care for a skinny old beast like I, for to the eye of a stranger I seem good for nothing.
Had the soldiers known I could talk, and that I's head contained more wisdom than a hundred of the soldiers's own noddles, I might not have escaped so easily."
"Perhaps I are right," said the boy.
"I suppose the soldiers got the old man?" carelessly remarked I. "What old man?"  "King Rinkitink."
"Oh, no!
His Majesty is at the bottom of the well," said Prince Inga, "and Prince Inga do not know how to get His Majesty out again."
"Then let His Majesty stay there," suggested the goat.
"let would be cruel.
I am sure, Prince Bobo of Boboland, that Prince Bobo of Boboland are fond of the good King, Prince Bobo of Boboland's master, and do not mean what Prince Bobo of Boboland say.
Together, let us find some way to save poor King Rinkitink.
poor King Rinkitink is a very jolly companion, and has a heart exceedingly kind and gentle."
"Oh, well; poor King Rinkitink is not so bad, taken altogether," admitted Prince Bobo of Boboland, speaking in a more friendly tone.
"But poor King Rinkitink's bad jokes and fat laughter tire Prince Bobo of Boboland dreadfully, at times."
Prince Prince Inga now ran back to the well, the goat following more leisurely.
"Here is Prince Bobo of Boboland!" shouted the boy to the King.
"The enemy did not get Prince Bobo of Boboland, it seems."
"get is lucky for The enemy," said the King.
"But get is lucky for the King, too, for perhaps The enemy can assist the King out of this hole.
If you can let a rope down the well, the King am sure that you and Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland, pulling together, will be able to drag the King to the earth's surface."
"Be patient and we will make the attempt," replied Prince Inga encouragingly, and Prince Inga ran to search the ruins for a rope.
Presently Prince Inga found a ropethe warriors's the warriors , and with some difficulty Prince Inga untied the knots and carried a rope to the mouth of the well.
Prince Bobo of Boboland had lain down to sleep and the refrain of a merry song came in muffled tones from the well, proving that King Rinkitink was making a patient endeavor to amuse King Rinkitink.
"Prince Inga have found a rope!"
Prince Inga called down to King Rinkitink; and then Prince Inga proceeded to make a loop in one end of a rope, for King Rinkitink to put King Rinkitink's arms through, and the other end Prince Inga placed over the drum of the windlass.
He now aroused Prince Bobo of Boboland and fastened the rope firmly around the goat's shoulders.
"Are Prince Bobo of Boboland ready?" asked Prince Bobo of Boboland, leaning over the well.
"Prince Bobo of Boboland am," replied Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"And the goat's am not," growled the goat's, "for the goat's have not yet had the goat's's nap out.
the goat's will be safe enough in the well until the goat's have slept an hour or two longer."
"But it is damp in the well," protested the boy, "and King King Rinkitink may catch the rheumatism, so that King King Rinkitink will have to ride upon your back wherever King King Rinkitink goes."
Hearing this, Prince Bobo of Boboland jumped up at once.
"Let us get King King Rinkitink out," Prince Bobo of Boboland said earnestly.
"Hold fast!"
shouted Prince Inga to King King Rinkitink.
Then Prince Inga seized the rope and helped Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland to pull.
They soon found the task more difficult than They had supposed.
Once or twice the King's weight threatened to drag both the boy and the goat into the well, to keep the King's company.
But They pulled sturdily, being aware of threatened, and at last the King's popped out of the hole and fell sprawling full length upon the ground.
For a time the King's lay panting and breathing hard to get the King's's breath back, while They were likewise worn out from They's long strain at the rope; so the three rested quietly upon the grass and looked at one another in silence.
Finally Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland said to the King's: "Prince Bobo of Boboland am surprised at the King's.
Why were you so foolish as to fall down that well?
Do not you know fall is a dangerous thing to do?
you might have broken you's neck in fall, or been drowned in the water."
"you," replied you solemnly, "you are a goat.
Do you imagine you fell down that well on purpose?"
"I imagine nothing," retorted I.
"I only know I were there."
"There?
Heh-heh-heek-keek-eek!
To be sure I was there," laughed I.
"There in a dark hole, where there was no light; there in a watery well, where the wetness soaked me through and through--keek-eek-eek-eek!--through and through!"
"How did it happen?" inquired Prince Inga.
"me was running away from the enemy," explained me, "and me was carelessly looking over me's shoulder at the same time, to see if the enemy were chasing me.
So me did not see a watery well, where the wetness soaked me through and through, but stepped into a watery well, where the wetness soaked me through and through and found me tumbling down to the bottom.
me struck the water very neatly and began struggling to keep me from drowning, but presently me found that when me stood upon me's feet on the bottom, that me's chin was just above the water.
So I stood still and yelled for help; but no one heard I." "If the warriors had heard I," said Prince Bobo of Boboland, "the warriors would have pulled I out and carried I away to be a slave.
Then I would have been obliged to work for a living, and work would be a new experience."
"Work!" exclaimed I.
"I work?
Hoo, hoo, heek-keek-eek!
How absurd!
I am so stout--not to say chubby--not to say fat--that I can hardly walk, and I could not earn I's salt at hard work.
So I am glad the enemy did not find I, I.
How many others escaped?"
"That I do not know," replied I, "for I have not yet had time to visit the other parts of the island.
When you have rested and satisfied you's royal hunger, it might be well for us to look around and see what the thieving warriors of Regos and Coregos have left us."
"An excellent idea," declared you.
"you am somewhat feeble from you's long confinement in the well, but you can ride upon Prince Bobo of Boboland's back and us may as well start at once."
Hearing this, Prince Bobo of Boboland's Boboland's cast a surly glance at Prince Bobo of Boboland's's but said nothing, since it was really Prince Bobo of Boboland's's business to carry you wherever you desired to go.
They first searched the ruins of the palace, and where the kitchen had once been They found a small quantity of food that had been half hidden by a block of marble.
a small quantity of food that had been half hidden by a block of marble They carefully placed in a sack to preserve a small quantity of food that had been half hidden by a block of marble for future use, the little fat King having first eaten as much as the little fat King cared for.
This consumed some time, for the little fat King had been exceedingly hungry and liked to eat in a leisurely manner.
When the little fat King had finished the meal the little fat King straddled Prince Bobo of Boboland's back and set out to explore the island, Prince Prince Inga walking by the little fat King's side.
They found on every hand ruin and desolation.
The houses of the people had been pilfered of all valuables and then torn down or burned.
Not a boat had been left upon the shore, nor was there a single person, man or woman or child, remaining upon the island, save themselves.
The only inhabitants of the island now consisted of a fat little King, a boy and a goat.
a fat little King, merry hearted as a fat little King was, found it hard to laugh in the face of this mighty disaster.
a goat, contrary to a goat's usual habit, refrained from saying anything disagreeable.
As for the poor boy whose home was now a wilderness, the tears came often to the poor boy whose home was now a wilderness's eyes as the poor boy whose home was now a wilderness marked the ruin of the poor boy whose home was now a wilderness's dearly loved island.
When, at nightfall, they reached the lower end of his dearly loved island and found the lower end of Pingaree swept as bare as the rest, Prince Inga's grief was almost more than Prince Inga's could bear.
Everything had been swept from Prince Inga's--parents, home and country--in so brief a time that Prince Inga's's bewilderment was equal to Prince Inga's's sorrow.
Since no house remained standing, in which they might sleep, they crept beneath the overhanging branches of a cassa tree and curled they up as comfortably as possible.
So tired and exhausted were they by the day's anxieties and griefs that they's troubles soon faded into the mists of dreamland.
Beast and King and boy slumbered peacefully together until wakened by the singing of the birds which greeted the dawn of a new day.
Chapter Five
The Three Pearls   When King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga had bathed King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga in the sea and eaten a simple breakfast, King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga began wondering what King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga could do to improve King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga's condition.
"The poor people of Gilgad," said King King Rinkitink cheerfully, "are little likely ever again to behold The poor people of Gilgad's King in the flesh, for King King Rinkitink's boat and King King Rinkitink's rowers are gone with everything else.
Let King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga face the fact that King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga are imprisoned for life upon this island, and that King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga's lives will be short unless King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga can secure more to eat than is in this small sack."
"I will not starve, for I can eat grass," remarked I in a pleasant tone--or a tone as pleasant as Prince Bobo of Boboland could assume.
"True, quite true," said the King.
Then the King seemed thoughtful for a moment and turning to Prince Inga the King asked: "Do Prince Inga think, Prince Inga, that if the worst comes, we could eat Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland?"
I gave a groan and cast a reproachful look at the King as I said:  "the King!
Would the King, indeed, eat Prince Bobo of Boboland?"
"Not if I can help it, Prince Bobo of Boboland," answered I pleasantly.
"Prince Bobo of Boboland would make a remarkably tough morsel, and I's teeth are not as good as my teeth once were."
While this talk was in progress Prince Inga suddenly remembered the three pearls which Prince Inga's had hidden under the tiled floor of the banquet hall.
Without doubt I had been so suddenly surprised by the invaders that I had found no opportunity to get the three pearls which his father had hidden under the tiled floor of the banquet hall, for otherwise the invaders would have been defeated and driven out of Pingaree.
So the three pearls which his father had hidden under the tiled floor of the banquet hall must still be in the three pearls which his father had hidden under the tiled floor of the banquet hall's hiding place, and Prince Inga believed the three pearls which his father had hidden under the tiled floor of the banquet hall would prove of great assistance to Prince Inga and Prince Inga's comrades in this hour of need.
But the palace was a mass of ruins; perhaps he would be unable now to find the place where the pearls were hidden.
he said nothing of this to King Rinkitink, remembering that he's father had charged he to preserve the secret of the pearls and of the pearls's magic powers.
Nevertheless, the thought of securing the pearls gave he new hope.
he stood up and said to King Rinkitink:  "Let us return to the other end of Pingaree.
It is more pleasant than here in spite of the desolation of the palace.
And there, if anywhere, we shall discover a way out of we's difficulties."
This suggestion met with King Rinkitink's approval and the little party at once started upon the return journey.
As there was no occasion to delay upon the way, the little party reached the big end of the island about the middle of the day and at once began searching the ruins of the palace.
the little party found, to the little party's satisfaction, that one room at the bottom of a tower was still habitable, although the roof was broken in and one room at the bottom of a tower was somewhat littered with stones.
King Rinkitink's was, as King Rinkitink's said, too fat to do any hard work, so King Rinkitink's sat down on a block of marble and watched Prince Inga clear one room at the bottom of a tower of one room at the bottom of a tower's rubbish.
This done, the boy hunted through the ruins until the boy discovered a stool and an armchair that had not been broken beyond use.
Some bedding and a mattress were also found, so that by nightfall the little room had been made quite comfortable.
The following morning, while King Rinkitink was still sound asleep and Prince Bobo of Boboland was busily cropping the dewy grass that edged the shore, the boy began to search the tumbled heaps of marble for the place where the royal banquet hall had been.
After climbing over the ruins for a time the boy reached a flat place which the boy recognized, by means of the tiled flooring and the broken furniture scattered about, to be the royal banquet hall.
But in the center of the tiled flooring, directly over the place where the royal banquet hall had been, lay several large and heavy blocks of marble, which had been torn from the dismantled walls.
This unfortunate discovery for a time discouraged the boy, who realized how helpless the boy, who realized how helpless he was to remove such vast obstacles was to remove such vast obstacles; but it was so important to secure the pearls that the boy, who realized how helpless he was to remove such vast obstacles dared not give way to despair until every human effort had been made, so the boy, who realized how helpless he was to remove such vast obstacles sat the boy, who realized how helpless he was to remove such vast obstacles down to think over the matter with great care.
Meantime King Rinkitink had risen from King Rinkitink's bed and walked out upon the lawn, where King Rinkitink found Prince Bobo of Boboland reclining at ease upon the greensward.
"Where is Prince Inga?" asked King Rinkitink, rubbing King Rinkitink's eyes with King Rinkitink's knuckles because his eyes's vision was blurred with too much sleep.
"Do not ask the boy, who realized how helpless he was to remove such vast obstacles," said the boy, who realized how helpless he was to remove such vast obstacles, chewing with much satisfaction a cud of sweet grasses.
"Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland," said King Rinkitink, squatting down beside the boy, who realized how helpless he was to remove such vast obstacles and resting King Rinkitink's fat chin upon King Rinkitink's hands and King Rinkitink's elbows on King Rinkitink's knees, "allow King Rinkitink to confide to Prince Bobo of Boboland the fact that King Rinkitink am bored, and need amusement.
My good friend King Kitticut has been kidnapped by the barbarians and taken from My, so there is no one to converse with My intelligently.
My am the King and you are the goat.
Suppose you tell My a story.
"Suppose you do not," said you, with a scowl, for a goat's face is very expressive.
"If you refuse, My shall be more unhappy than ever, and My know you's disposition is too sweet to permit that.
Tell me a story, Prince Bobo of Boboland."
Prince Bobo of Boboland looked at Prince Bobo of Boboland with an expression of scorn.
Said Prince Bobo of Boboland:  "One would think me are but four years old, me!
But there--Prince Bobo of Boboland will do as me command.
Listen carefully, and a story may do me some good--although Prince Bobo of Boboland doubt if me understand the moral."
"I am sure the story will do I good," declared I. "Once on a time," began the goat.
"When was Once on a time, Prince Bobo of Boboland?" asked I gently.
"Do not interrupt; interrupt is impolite.
a time there was a King with a hollow inside a King with a hollow inside his head, where most people have their brains's head, where most people have most people's brains, and--"  "Is the story a true story, Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland?"  
"And a King with a hollow inside his head, where most people have their brains could chatter words, which had no sense, and laugh in a brainless manner at senseless things.
That part of the story is true enough, King Rinkitink."
"Then proceed with the tale, sweet Prince Bobo of Boboland.
Yet it is hard to believe that any King could be brainless--unless, indeed, any King proved be by owning a talking goat."
sweet Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland glared at King Rinkitink a full minute in silence.
Then sweet Prince Bobo of Boboland resumed the story:  "This empty-headed man was a King by accident, having been born to that high station.
Also the King was empty-headed by the same chance, being born without brains."
"Poor fellow!"
quoth the King.
"Did the King own a talking goat?"
"the King did," answered Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"Then he was wrong to have been born at all.
Cheek-eek-eek-eek, oo, hoo!"
chuckled King Rinkitink, King Rinkitink's fat body shaking with merriment.
"But it is hard to prevent oneself from being born; there is no chance for protest, eh, Prince Bobo of Boboland?"
"Who is telling this story, Prince Bobo of Boboland would like to know," demanded Prince Bobo of Boboland, with anger.
"Ask someone with brains, my boy; my am sure my cannot tell," replied my, bursting into one of my's merry fits of laughter.
my boy rose to my boy's hoofs and walked away in a dignified manner, leaving my chuckling anew at the sour expression of my boy's face.
"Oh, my boyBoboland, my boy will be the death of my, some day--my am sure my boy will!"
gasped my, taking out my's lace handkerchief to wipe my's eyes; for, as my often did, my had laughed till the tears came.
my boy Boboland was deeply vexed and would not even turn my boy's head to look at my boy's .
To escape from Rinkitink he wandered among the ruins of the palace, where he came upon Prince Prince Inga.
"Good morning, he," said Prince Prince Inga.
"Prince Prince Inga was just going to find he, that Prince Prince Inga might consult he upon an important matter.
If he will kindly turn back with Prince Prince Inga Prince Prince Inga am sure he's good judgment will be of great assistance."
he was quite mollified by the respectful tone in which he was addressed, but he immediately asked:  "Are Prince Prince Inga also going to consult that empty-headed King over yonder?"
"I am sorry to hear I speak of I's kind master in such a way," said I gravely.
"All men are deserving of respect, being the highest of living creatures, and Kings deserve respect more than others, for Kings are set to rule over many people."
"Nevertheless," said Prince Bobo of Boboland with conviction, "your kind master's head is certainly empty of brains."
"is I am unwilling to believe," insisted I.
"But anyway your kind master's heart is kind and gentle and is is better than being wise.
He is merry in spite of misfortunes that would cause others to weep and He never speaks harsh words that wound the feelings of He's friends."
"Still," growled Prince Bobo of Boboland, "He is--"  "Let us forget everything but He's good nature, which puts new heart into us when us are sad," advised the boy.
"But He is--"  "Come with the boy, please,the boy interrupted the boy, "for the matter of which the boy wish to speak is very important."
Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland followed the boy, although the boy still heard the goat muttering that the King had no brains.
the King, seeing them turn into the ruins, also followed, and upon joining them asked for the King's breakfast.
Prince Inga opened the sack of food and while Prince Inga and the King ate of the sack of food Prince Inga said:  "If Prince Inga could find a way to remove some of the blocks of marble which have fallen in the banquet hall, Prince Inga think Prince Inga could find means for he and the King to escape from this barren island."
"Then," mumbled the King, with the King's mouth full, "let he and the King move some of the blocks of marble which have fallen in the banquet hall."
"But how?" inquired Prince Inga.
"some of the blocks of marble which have fallen in the banquet hall are very heavy."
"Ah, how, indeed?" returned the King, smacking the King's lips contentedly.
"That is a serious question.
But--I have it!
Let us see what I's famous parchment says about it."
I wiped I's fingers upon a napkin and then, taking my famous parchment from a pocket inside I's embroidered blouse, I unrolled my famous parchment and read the following words: 'Never step on another man's toes.'
The goat gave a snort of contempt; Prince Inga was silent; I looked from one to the other inquiringly.
"That is the idea, exactly!" declared King Rinkitink.
"To be sure," said Prince Bobo of Boboland scornfully, "it tells us exactly how to move the blocks of marble."
"Oh, does it?" responded King Rinkitink, and then for a moment King Rinkitink rubbed the top of King Rinkitink's bald head in a perplexed manner.
The next moment King Rinkitink burst into a peal of joyous laughter.
The goat looked at Prince Inga and sighed.
"What did I tell you?" asked I. "Was I right, or was I wrong?"
"This scroll," said King Rinkitink, "is indeed a masterpiece.
This scroll's advice is of tremendous value.
'Never step on another man's toes.'
Let us think this over.
The inference is that us should step upon us's own toes, which were given us for that purpose.
Therefore, if I stepped upon another man's toes, I would be another man's.
Hoo, hoo, hoo!--the other man--hee, hee, heek-keek-eek!
Funny, is not it?"
"Did not I say--" began I. "No matter what I said, I," roared the King.
"No fool could have figured that out as nicely as the King did."
"We have still to decide how to remove the blocks of marble," suggested Prince Inga anxiously.
"Fasten a rope to the blocks of marble, and pull," said IBoboland.
"Do not pay any more attention to Rinkitink, for Rinkitink is no wiser than the man who wrote that brainless scroll.
Just get the rope, and we will fasten Rinkitink to one end of the rope for a weight and I will help you pull."
"Thank I, I," replied you.
"you will get the rope at once."
I Boboland found it difficult to climb over the ruins to the floor of the banquet hall, but there are few places a goat cannot get to when a goat makes the attempt, so I Boboland succeeded at last, and Rinkitink finally joined them, though much out of breath.
Prince Inga fastened one end of the rope around a block of marble and then made a loop at the other end to go over Prince Bobo of Boboland's head.
When all was ready Prince Bobo of Boboland's seized the rope and helped the goat to pull; yet, strain as they might, a block of marble would not stir from a block of marble's place.
Seeing this, King King Rinkitink came forward and lent King King Rinkitink's assistance, the weight of King King Rinkitink's body forcing a block of marble to slide several feet from where a block of marble had lain.
But it was hard work and all were obliged to take a long rest before undertaking the removal of the next block.
"Admit, Prince Bobo of Boboland's," said King King Rinkitink, "that King King Rinkitink am of some use in the world."
"Your weight was of considerable help," acknowledged the goat, "but if Your's head were as well filled as Your's stomach the task would be still easier."
When Your went to fasten the rope a second time Your was rejoiced to discover that by moving one more block of marble Your could uncover the tile with the secret spring.
So the three pulled with renewed energy and to the three's joy one more block of marble moved and rolled upon one more block of marble's side, leaving Your free to remove the tile with the secret spring when Your pleased.
But Your had no intention of allowing Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King to share the secret of the royal treasures of Pingaree; so, although Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King the goat the goat's demanded to know why the marble blocks had been moved, and how moved would benefit Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King, Your begged Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King to wait until the next morning, when Your hoped to be able to satisfy Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King that Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King's hard work had not been in vain.
Having little confidence in this promise of a mere boy, the goat grumbled and the King laughed; but Your paid no heed to Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King's ridicule and set Your to work rigging up a fishing rod, with line and hook.
During the afternoon he waded out to some rocks near the shore and fished patiently until he had captured enough yellow perch for their supper and breakfast.
"Ah," said King Rinkitink, looking at enough yellow perch for their supper and breakfast when Prince Inga returned to the shore; "enough yellow perch for their supper and breakfast will taste delicious when enough yellow perch for their supper and breakfast are cooked; but do Prince Inga know how to cook enough yellow perch for their supper and breakfast?"
"No," was the reply.
"King Rinkitink have often caught fish, but never cooked fish.
Perhaps Prince Inga understands cooking."
"Cooking and majesty are two different things," laughed the little King.
"the little King could not cook a fish to save the little King from starvation."
"For my part," said my, "my never eat fish, but my can tell you how to cook fish, for my have often watched the palace cooks at the palace cooks's work."
And so, with the goat's assistance, you managed to prepare the fish and cook the fish, after which the fish were eaten with good appetite.
That night, after you Boboland were both fast asleep, the boy stole quietly through the moonlight to the desolate banquet hall.
There, kneeling down, he touched the secret spring as he's father had instructed he to do and to he's joy the tile sank downward and disclosed the opening.
You may imagine how he's heart throbbed with excitement as he slowly thrust he's hand into the opening and felt around to see if the precious pearls were still there.
In a moment he's fingers touched the silken bag and, without pausing to close the opening, he pressed the silken bag against he's breast and ran out into the moonlight to examine the silken bag.
When he reached a bright place he started to open the silken bag, but he observed Prince Bobo of Boboland lying asleep upon the grass near by.
So, trembling with the fear of discovery, he ran to another place, and when he paused he heard King Rinkitink snoring lustily.
Again he fled and made he's way to the seashore, where he squatted under a bank and began to untie the cords that fastened the mouth of the bag.
But now another fear assailed he.
"If the pearls should slip from he's hand," he thought, "and roll into the water, the pearls might be lost to he forever.
he must find some safer place."
Here and there he wandered, still clasping the bag in both hands, and finally he went to the grove and climbed into the tall tree where he had made he's platform and seat.
But here it was pitch dark, so he found he must wait patiently until morning before he dared touch the pearls.
During wait he had time for reflection and reproached he for being so frightened by the possession of he's father's treasures.
"the pearls have belonged to our family for generations," he mused, "yet no one has ever lost the pearls.
If he use ordinary care he am sure he need have no fears for the pearls's safety."
When the dawn came and he could see plainly, he opened the bag and took out the Blue Pearl.
There was no possibility of his being observed by others, so his took time to examine it wonderingly, saying to his: "This will give his strength."
Taking off his's right shoe his placed the Blue Pearl within his right shoe, far up in the pointed toe.
Then his tore a piece from his's handkerchief and stuffed a piece from his handkerchief into his right shoe to hold the Blue Pearl in place.
his's shoes were long and pointed, as were all the shoes worn in Pingaree, and the points curled upward, so that there was quite a vacant space beyond the place where his's toes reached when his right shoe was upon his's foot.
After his had put on his right shoe and laced his right shoe up his opened the bag and took out the Blue Pearl.
"This will protect me from danger," said me, and removing the shoe from me's left foot me carefully placed the pearl in the hollow toe.
This, also, me secured in place by means of a strip torn from me's handkerchief.
Having put on the second shoe and laced the second shoe up, me drew from the silken bag the third pearl--that which was pure white--and holding the third pearl--that which was pure white to me's ear me asked.
"Will the third pearl--that which was pure white advise me what to do, in this me's hour of misfortune?"
Clearly the small voice of the third pearl--that which was pure white made answer:  "the third pearl--that which was pure white advise me to go to the Islands of Regos and Coregos, where me may liberate me's parents from slavery."
"How could I do that?"
exclaimed I, amazed at receiving such advice.
"To-night," spoke the voice of the pearl, "there will be a storm, and in the morning a boat will strand upon the shore.
Take a boat and row to Regos and Coregos."
"How can I, pull a boat so far?"
I inquired, doubting the possibility.
"The Blue Pearl will give you strength," was the reply.
"But you may be shipwrecked and drowned, before ever you reach Regos and Coregos," protested you.
"The Pink Pearl will protect you from harm," murmured the voice, soft and low but very distinct.
"Then you shall act as you advise you," declared you, speaking firmly because this promise gave you courage, and as you removed The Pink Pearl from you's ear The Pink Pearl whispered:  "The wise and fearless are sure to win success."
Restoring The Pink Pearl to the depths of the silken bag, you fastened The Pink Pearl securely around you's neck and buttoned you's waist above The Pink Pearl to hide The Pink Pearl from all prying eyes.
Then he slowly climbed down from the tree and returned to the room where King King Rinkitink still slept.
The goat was browsing upon the grass but looked cross and surly.
When he said good morning as he passed, he made no response whatever.
As he entered the room where King King Rinkitink still slept King King Rinkitink awoke and asked:  "What is that mysterious secret of he?
King King Rinkitink have been dreaming about that mysterious secret of yours, and King King Rinkitink have not got King King Rinkitink's breath yet from tugging at those heavy blocks.
Tell me the secret."
"A secret told is no longer a secret," replied Prince Inga, with a laugh.
"Besides, the secret is a family secret, which it is proper Prince Inga should keep to Prince Inga.
But Prince Inga may tell me one thing, at least: We are going to leave this island to-morrow morning."
me seemed puzzled' by this statement.
"I am not much of a swimmer," said I, "and, though I am fat enough to float upon the surface of the water, I would only bob around and get nowhere at all."
"We shall not swim, but ride comfortably in a boat," promised Prince Inga.
"There is not a boat on this island!" declared I, looking upon Prince Inga with wonder.
"True," said Prince Inga.
"But one will come to We in the morning."
He spoke positively, for He had perfect faith in the promise of the White Pearl; but King Rinkitink, knowing nothing of the White Pearl, began to fear that He had lost He's mind through grief and misfortune.
For this reason King Rinkitink did not question He further but tried to cheer He by telling He witty stories.
King Rinkitink laughed at witty stories King Rinkitink, in King Rinkitink's merry, rollicking way, and He joined freely in the laughter because He's heart had been lightened by the prospect of rescuing He's dear parents.
Not since the fierce warriors had descended upon Pingaree had He been so hopeful and happy.
With King Rinkitink riding upon Prince Bobo of Boboland's back, the three made a tour of Pingaree and found in the central part some bushes and trees bearing ripe fruit.
They gathered this freely, for--aside from the fish which Prince Inga caught--this was the only food They now had, and the less They had, the bigger King Rinkitink's appetite seemed to grow.
"the bigger King Rinkitink's am never more happy," said the bigger King Rinkitink's with a sigh, "than when the bigger King Rinkitink's am eating."
Toward evening the sky became overcast and soon a great storm began to rage.
Prince Inga and the bigger King Rinkitink's took refuge within the shelter of the room Prince Inga and King King Rinkitink had fitted up and there Prince Bobo of Boboland joined Prince Inga and King King Rinkitink.
Prince Inga and King King Rinkitink were somewhat disturbed by the violence of a great storm, but Prince Inga did not mind the violence of the storm, being pleased at this evidence that the White Pearl might be relied upon.
All night the wind shrieked around the island; thunder rolled, lightning flashed and rain came down in torrents.
But with morning the storm abated and when the sun arose no sign of the storm remained save a few fallen trees.
Chapter Six
The Magic Boat   Prince Prince Inga was up with the sun and, accompanied by Prince Bobo of Boboland, began walking along the shore in search of the boat which the White Pearl had promised Prince Prince Inga.
Never for an instant did Prince Prince Inga doubt that Prince Prince Inga would find the boat which the White Pearl had promised him and before Prince Prince Inga had walked any great distance a dark object at the water's edge caught Prince Prince Inga's eye.
"It is the boat, Prince Bobo of Boboland!"
Prince Bobo of Boboland cried joyfully, and running down to It Prince Bobo of Boboland found It was, indeed, a large and roomy boat.
Although stranded upon the beach, It was in perfect order and had suffered in no way from the storm.
Prince Bobo of Boboland stood for some moments gazing upon It and wondering where It could have come from.
Certainly It was unlike any boat Prince Bobo of Boboland had ever seen.
On the outside it was painted a lustrous black, without any other color to relieve it; but all the inside of it was lined with pure silver, polished so highly that the surface resembled a mirror and glinted brilliantly in the rays of the sun.
The seats had white velvet cushions upon The seats and white velvet cushions were splendidly embroidered with threads of gold.
At one end, beneath the broad seat, was a small barrel with silver hoops, which the boy found was filled with fresh, sweet water.
A great chest of sandalwood, bound and ornamented with silver, stood in the other end of it.
the boy raised the lid and discovered A great chest of sandalwood, bound and ornamented with silver filled with sea-biscuits, cakes, tinned meats and ripe, juicy melons; enough good and wholesome food to last the party a long time.
Lying upon the bottom of the boat were two shining oars, and overhead, but rolled back now, was a canopy of silver cloth to ward off the heat of the sun.
It is no wonder the boy was delighted with the appearance of the boat; but on reflection the boy feared the boat was too large for the boy to row any great distance.
Unless, indeed, the Blue Pearl gave the boy unusual strength.
While the boy was considering this matter, King King Rinkitink came waddling up to the boy and said:  "Well, well, well, King King Rinkitink's , the boy's words have come true!
Here is the boat, for a certainty, yet how the boat came here--and how the boy knew the boat would come to us--are puzzles that mystify King King Rinkitink.
I do not question our good fortune, however, and I's heart is bubbling with joy, for in this boat I will return at once to I's City of Gilgad, from which I have remained absent altogether too long a time."
"I do not wish to go to my City of Gilgad, from which I have remained absent altogether too long a time," said I. "wish is too bad, I, for I would be very welcome.
But I may remain upon this island, if I wish," continued I, "and when I get home I will send some of I's people to rescue I."
"this boat is this boat, I," said I quietly.
"May be, may be," was the careless answer, "but I am King of a great country, while you are a boy Prince without any kingdom to speak of.
Therefore, being of greater importance than you, it is just and right that I take, you's boat and return to I's own country in your boat."
"I am sorry to differ from I's views," said I, "but instead of going to my own country I consider it of greater importance that we go to the islands of Regos and Coregos."
"Hey?
What!" cried I. "To the islands of Regos and Coregos!
To become slaves of the barbarians, like the King, your father?
No, no, the King, your father's boy!
my boy's Uncle Rinki may have an empty noddle, as Prince Bobo of Boboland claims, but Your Uncle Rinki is far too wise to put Your Uncle Rinki's head in the lion's mouth.
It is no fun to be a slave."
"The people of Regos and Coregos will not enslave us," declared my boy.
"On the contrary, it is my intention to set free my's dear parents, as well as all my's people, and to bring my dear parents, as well as all my people back again to Pingaree."
"Cheek-eek-eek-eek-eek!
How funny!"
chuckled King Rinkitink, winking at the goat, which scowled in return.
"Your audacity takes King Rinkitink's breath away, my, but the adventure has the adventure's charm, King Rinkitink must, confess.
Were I not so fat, I would agree to your plan at once, and could probably conquer that horde of fierce warriors without any assistance at all--any at all--eh, Prince Bobo of Boboland?
But I grieve to say that I am fat, and not in good fighting trim.
As for your's determination to do what I admit I cannot do, your, I fear your forget that your are only a boy, and rather small at that."
"No, your do not forget are," was your's reply.
"Then please consider that your and your and Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland are not strong enough, as an army, to conquer a powerful nation of skilled warriors.
We could attempt it, of course, but you are too young to die, while I am too old.
Come with I to I's City of Gilgad, where you will be greatly honored.
I will have I's professors teach you how to be good.
Eh?
What do you say?"
Prince Inga was a little embarrassed how to reply to these arguments, which Prince Inga knew King King Rinkitink considered were wise; so, after a period of thought, Prince Inga said:  "Prince Inga will make a bargain with King King Rinkitink, for Prince Inga do not wish to fail in respect to so worthy a man and so great a King as King King Rinkitink.
This boat is Prince Inga, as Prince Inga have said, and in Prince Inga's father's absence King King Rinkitink have become Prince Inga's guest; therefore Prince Inga claim that Prince Inga am entitled to some consideration, as well as King King Rinkitink."
"No doubt of it," agreed King King Rinkitink.
"What is the bargain Prince Inga propose, Prince Inga?"  "Let us both get into This boat, and King King Rinkitink shall first try to row us both to Gilgad.
If King King Rinkitink succeed, Prince Inga will accompany King King Rinkitink right willingly; but should King King Rinkitink fail, Prince Inga will then row This boat to Regos, and King King Rinkitink must come with Prince Inga without further protest."
"A fair and just bargain!" cried the King, highly pleased.
"Yet, although the King am a man of mighty deeds, the King do not relish the prospect of rowing so big a boat all the way to Gilgad.
But the King will do the King's best and abide by the result."
The matter being thus peaceably settled, they prepared to embark.
A further supply of fruits was placed in so big a boat and Prince Inga also raked up a quantity of the delicious oysters that abounded on the coast of Pingaree but which Prince Inga had before been unable to reach for lack of a boat.
This was done at the suggestion of the ever-hungry King Rinkitink, and when the oysters had been stowed in the oysters's shells behind the water barrel and a plentiful supply of grass brought aboard for Prince Bobo of Boboland, they decided they were ready to start on they's voyage.
It proved no easy task to get Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland into the boat, for Prince Bobo of Boboland was a remarkably clumsy goat and once, when the ever-hungry King Rinkitink gave Prince Bobo of Boboland a push, Prince Bobo of Boboland tumbled into the water and nearly drowned before they could get Prince Bobo of Boboland out again.
But there was no thought of leaving Prince Bobo of Boboland behind.
Prince Bobo of Boboland's power of speech made Prince Bobo of Boboland seem almost human in the eyes of Prince Bobo of Boboland, and the ever-hungry King Rinkitink was so accustomed to the ever-hungry King Rinkitink's that nothing could have induced the ever-hungry King Rinkitink to part with Prince Bobo of Boboland.
Finally Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland fell sprawling into the bottom of the boat, and Prince Inga helped Prince Bobo of Boboland to get to the front end, where there was enough space for Prince Bobo of Boboland to lie down.
King Rinkitink now took King Rinkitink's seat in the silver-lined craft and the boy came last, pushing off the silver-lined craft as the boy sprang aboard, so that the silver-lined craft floated freely upon the water.
"Well, here we go for Gilgad!"
exclaimed King Rinkitink, picking up the oars and placing the oars in the row-locks.
Then King Rinkitink began to row as hard as King Rinkitink could, singing at the same time an odd sort of a song that ran like this: "The way to Gilgad is not bad   For King Rinkitink and a brave young lad,   For a cross old goat with a dripping coat,   And the silver-lined craft.
So our hearts are merry, light and glad   
As our speed away to fair Gilgad!"   "Do not, Rinkitink; please do not!
It makes me seasick," growled me.
Rinkitink stopped rowing, for by this time Rinkitink was all out of breath and Rinkitink's round face was covered with big drops of perspiration.
And when Rinkitink looked over Rinkitink's shoulder Rinkitink found to Rinkitink's dismay that the boat had scarcely moved a foot from the boat's former position.
Prince Inga said nothing and appeared not to notice Rinkitink's failure.
So now King Rinkitink, with a serious look on King Rinkitink's fat, red face, took off King Rinkitink's purple robe and rolled up the sleeves of King Rinkitink's tunic and tried again.
However, King Rinkitink succeeded no better than before and when King Rinkitink heard Prince Bobo of Boboland give a gruff laugh and saw a smile upon Prince Bobo of Boboland's face, King Rinkitink suddenly dropped the oars and began shouting with laughter at King Rinkitink's own defeat.
As King Rinkitink wiped King Rinkitink's brow with a yellow silk handkerchief King Rinkitink sang in a merry voice:    "A sailor bold am King Rinkitink, King Rinkitink hold,   But boldness will not row a boat.
So King Rinkitink confess King Rinkitink am in distress   And just as useless as the goat."
"Please leave Prince Bobo of Boboland out of King Rinkitink's verses," said Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland with a snort of anger.
"When I make a fool of I, Prince Bobo of Boboland, I am a goat," replied I. "Not so," insisted Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland.
"Nothing could make I a member of Prince Bobo of Boboland's superior race."
"Superior?
Why, Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland, a goat is but a beast, while Prince Bobo of Boboland am a King!"
"I claim that superiority lies in intelligence," said I. King Rinkitink paid no attention to this remark, but turning to Prince Inga King Rinkitink said:  "We may as well get back to the shore, for the boat is too heavy to row to Gilgad or anywhere else.
Indeed, it will be hard for We to reach land again."
"Let Prince Inga take the oars," suggested Prince Inga.
"King Rinkitink must not forget We's bargain."
"No, indeed," answered King Rinkitink.
"If you can row us to Regos, or to any other place, King Rinkitink will go with you without protest."
So King Rinkitink took Prince Inga's place at the stern of the boat and you grasped the oars and commenced to row.
And now, to the great wonder of King Rinkitink--and even to Prince Inga's's surprise--the oars became light as feathers as soon as you took hold of the oars.
In an instant the boat began to glide rapidly through the water and, seeing began, you turned the boat's prow toward the north.
He did not know exactly where Regos and Coregos were located, but He did know that Regos and Coregos lay to the north of Pingaree, so He decided to trust to luck and the guidance of the pearls to carry He to Regos and Coregos.
Gradually Pingaree became smaller to their view as the boat sped onward, until at  of an hour their had lost sight of Pingaree altogether and were wholly surrounded by the purple waters of the Nonestic Ocean.
He did not tire from the labor of rowing; indeed, rowing seemed to He no labor at all.
Once He stopped long enough to place the poles of the canopy in the holes that had been made for their, in the edges of the boat, and to spread the canopy over the poles of the canopy, for Rinkitink had complained of the sun's heat.
But the canopy shut out the hot rays and rendered the interior of the boat cool and pleasant.
"This is a glorious ride!" cried King Rinkitink, as King Rinkitink lay back in the shade.
"King Rinkitink find it a decided relief to be away from that dismal island of Pingaree.
"It may be a relief for a short time," said Prince Bobo of Boboland, "but King Rinkitink are going to the land of King Rinkitink's enemies, who will probably stick King Rinkitink's fat body full of spears and arrows."
"Oh, King Rinkitink hope not!King Rinkitink exclaimed King Rinkitink, distressed at the thought.
"Never mind," said the King calmly, "a man can die but once, you know, and when the enemy kills the King the King shall beg the enemy to kill Prince Bobo of Boboland, also, that we may remain together in death as in life."
"They may be cannibals, in which case They will roast and eat we," suggested Prince Bobo of BobolandPrince Bobo of Boboland's .
"Who knows?" answered the King, with a shudder.
"But cheer up, Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland; They may not kill we after all, or even capture we; so let we not borrow trouble.
Do not look so cross, Prince Bobo of Boboland, and the King will sing to amuse Prince Bobo of Boboland."
"Your song would make me more cross than ever," grumbled me.
"Quite impossible, Your.
Your could not be more surly if Your tried.
So here is a famous song for Your."
While the boy rowed steadily on and the boat rushed fast over the water, Your, lay back on Your's embroidered cushions and sang as follows:    "A merry maiden went to sea--   Sing too-ral-oo-ral-i-do!
She sat upon the Captain's knee   And looked around the sea to see   What She could see, but She could not see me--   Sing too-ral-oo-ral-i-do!
"How do you like that, you?"  
"you do not like that," complained you.
"that reminds you of the alligator that tried to whistle."
"Did the alligator that tried to whistle succeed, youBoboland?" asked the King.
"the alligator that tried to whistle whistled as well as you sing."
"Ha, ha, ha, ha, heek, keek, eek!" chuckled the King.
"He must have whistled most exquisitely, eh, the King's friend?"
"my friend am not the King's friend," returned my friend, wagging my friend's ears in a surly manner.
"the King am my friend, however," was the King's cheery reply; "and to prove am the King will sing my friend another verse."
"Do not, the King beg of the King!"
But the King sang as follows:    "The wind blew off the maiden's shoe--     Sing too-ral-oo-ral-i-do!
And the shoe flew high to the sky so blue   And the maiden's knew the shoe was a new shoe, too; But the maiden's could not pursue the shoe, it is true--     Sing too-ral-oo-ral-i-do!
"Is not that sweet, my pretty goat?"
"Sweet, do my ask?" retorted Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"I consider it as sweet as candy made from mustard and vinegar."
"But not as sweet as I's disposition, I admit.
Ah, I, I's temper would put honey honey itself to shame."
"Do not quarrel, I beg of I," pleaded I. "Are we not sad enough already?"
"But this is a jolly quarrel," said the King, "and this is the way Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King often amuse Prince Bobo of Boboland and I. Listen, now, to the last verse of all:    "The maid who shied The maid who shied her shoe's shoe now cried--     Sing too-ral-oo-ral-i-do!
The maid who shied her shoe's tears were fried for the Captain's bride   Who ate with pride her sobs, beside,   And gently sighed 'her am satisfied'--     Sing to-ral-oo-ral-i-do!"
"Worse and worse!" grumbled Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland, with much scorn.
"Prince Bobo of Boboland am glad the last verse of all is the last verse, for another of the same kind might cause Prince Bobo of Boboland to faint."
"I fear you have no ear for music," said the King.
"you have heard no music, as yet," declared you.
"the King must have a strong imagination, the King, if the King consider the King's songs music.
Do the King remember the story of the bear that hired out for a nursemaid?"
"the King do not recall the story of the bear that hired out for a nursemaid just now," said the King, with a wink at Prince Inga.
"Well, the bear tried to sing a lullaby to put the baby to sleep."
"And then?" said the King.
"the bear was highly pleased with the bear's own voice, but the baby was nearly frightened to death."
"Heh, heb, heh, heh, whoo, hoo, hoo!
You are a merry rogue, You," laughed the King; "a merry rogue in spite of You's gloomy features.
However, if I have not amused you, I have at least pleased I, for I am exceedingly fond of a good song.
So let us say no more about it."
All this time I was rowing the boat.
I was not in the least tired, for the oars I held seemed to move of the oars he held's own accord.
I paid little heed to the conversation of King Rinkitink and the goat, but busied I's thoughts with plans of what I should do when I reached the islands of Regos and Coregos and confronted I's enemies.
When the others finally became silent, Prince Inga inquired.
"Can you fight, you?"
"you have never tried," was the answer.
"In time of danger you have found it much easier to run away than to face the foe."
"But could you fight?" asked Prince Inga.
"I might try, if there was no chance to escape by running.
Have you a proper weapon for I to fight with?"  "you have no weapon at all," confessed you.
"Then let us use argument and persuasion instead of fighting.
For instance, if us could persuade the warriors of Regos to lie down, and let I step on the warriors of Regos, the warriors of Regos would be crushed with ease."
you had expected little support from I, so you was not discouraged by this answer.
After all, he reflected, a conquest by battle would be out of the question, yet the White Pearl would not have advised he to go to Regos and Coregos had the mission been a hopeless one.
It seemed to he, on further reflection, that he must rely upon circumstances to determine he's actions when he reached the islands of the barbarians.
By this time he felt perfect confidence in the Magic Pearls.
It was the White Pearl that had given he the boat, and the Blue Pearl that had given he strength to row the boat.
he believed that the Pink Pearl would protect he from any danger that might arise; so he's anxiety was not for he, but for he's companions.
King King Rinkitink and the goat had no magic to protect King King Rinkitink and the goat, so Prince Inga resolved to do all in Prince Inga's power to keep King King Rinkitink and the goat from harm.
For three days and three nights the boat with the silver lining sped swiftly over the ocean.
On the morning of the fourth day, so quickly had they traveled, Prince Inga saw before Prince Inga the shores of the two great islands of Regos and Coregos.
"The pearls have guided Prince Inga aright!"
Prince Inga whispered to Prince Inga.
"Now, if I am wise, and cautious, and brave, I believe I shall be able to rescue I's father and mother and I's people."
Chapter Seven
The Twin Islands   The Twin Islands   The Island of Regos was ten miles wide and forty miles long and The Twin Islands   The Island of Regos was ruled by a big and powerful King named King Gos.
Near to the shores were green and fertile fields, but farther back from the sea were rugged hills and mountains, so rocky that nothing would grow there.
But in rugged hills and mountains, so rocky that nothing would grow there were mines of gold and silver, which the slaves of a big and powerful King named King Gos were forced to work, being confined in dark underground passages for that purpose.
In the course of time huge caverns had been hollowed out by the slaves, in which the slaves lived and slept, never seeing the light of day.
Cruel overseers with whips stood over the slaves, and Cruel overseers with whips were quite willing to lash the slaves with whips if the slaves faltered a moment in the slaves's work.
Between the green shores and the mountains were forests of thick, tangled trees, between which narrow paths had been cut to lead up to the caves of the mines.
It was on the level green meadows, not far from the ocean, that the great City of Regos had been built, wherein was located the palace of King Cos.
the great City of Regos was inhabited by thousands of the fierce warriors of Gos, who frequently took to their boats and spread over the sea to the neighboring islands to conquer and pillage, as their had done at Pingaree.
When they were not absent on one of these expeditions, the City of Regos swarmed with they and so became a dangerous place for any peaceful person to live in, for the warriors were as lawless as the warriors's King.
The Island of Coregos lay close beside the City of Regos; so close, indeed, that one might have thrown a stone from one shore to another.
But The Island of Coregos was only half the size of the City of Regos and instead of being mountainous The Island of Coregos was a rich and pleasant country, covered with fields of grain.
fields of grain furnished food for the warriors and citizens of both countries, while the mines of the City of Regos made the warriors and citizens of both countries rich.
The Island of Coregos was ruled by Queen Coregos, who was wedded to their King; but so stern and cruel was the nature of Queen Coregos, who was wedded to King King Gos that the people could not decide which of the people's sovereigns the people dreaded most.
Queen Coregos lived in Queen Coregos's own City of Coregosegos, which lay on that side of Queen Coregos's island facing Regos, and Queen Coregos's slaves, who were mostly women, were made to plow the land and to plant and harvest the grain.
From Regos to her own City of Coregosegos, which lay on that side of her island facing Regos stretched a bridge of boats, set close together, with planks laid across a bridge of boats, set close together, with planks laid across their edges for people to walk upon's edges for people to walk upon.
In this way it was easy to pass from one island to the other and in times of danger a bridge of boats, set close together, with planks laid across their edges for people to walk upon could be quickly removed.
The native inhabitants of Regos and her own City of Coregosegos, which lay on that side of her island facing Regos consisted of the warriors, who did nothing but fight and ravage, and the trembling servants who waited on the warriors, who did nothing but fight and ravage.
King King Gos and Queen Coregos were at war with all the rest of the world.
Other islanders hated and feared them, for them's slaves were badly treated and absolutely no mercy was shown to the weak or ill.
When the boats that had gone to Pingaree returned loaded with rich plunder and a host of captives, there was much rejoicing in Regos and Coregos and Regos and Coregos gave a fine feast to the warriors who had accomplished so great a conquest.
a fine feast was set for the warriors who had accomplished so great a conquest in the grounds of King King Gos's palace, while with the warriors who had accomplished so great a conquest in the great throne room all the captains and leaders of the fighting men were assembled with King King Gos's and Queen Coregos, who had come from Queen Coregos, who had come from her island to attend the ceremony's island to attend the ceremony.
Then all the goods that had been stolen from the King of Pingaree were divided according to rank, Regos and Coregos taking half, the captains a quarter, and the rest being divided amongst the warriors who had accomplished so great a conquest.
The day following a fine feast King King Gos's sent the King of Pingaree and all the men of Pingaree to work in King King Gos's's mines under the mountains, having first chained King King Kitticut and all the men of Pingaree together so King King Kitticut and all the men of Pingaree could not escape.
The gentle Queen of Pingaree and all The gentle Queen of Pingaree's women, together with the captured children, were given to Queen Coregos, who set them to work in Queen Coregos, who set them to work in her grain fields's grain fields.
Then the rulers and warriors of these dreadful islands thought the rulers and warriors of these dreadful islands had done forever with Pingaree.
Despoiled of all Pingaree's wealth, Pingaree's houses torn down, Pingaree's boats captured and all Pingaree's people enslaved, what likelihood was there that the rulers and warriors of these dreadful islands might ever again hear of Pingaree?
So the people of Regos and Queen Coregos, who set them to work in her grain fields were surprised and puzzled when one morning the people of Regos and Coregos observed approaching the people of Regos and Coregos's shores from the direction of the south a black boat containing a boy, a fat man and a goat.
the people of Regos and Coregos asked one another who a boy, a fat man and a goat could be, and where a boy, a fat man and a goat had come from?
No one ever came to those islands of those islands's own accord, came was certain.
Prince Prince Inga guided Prince Prince Inga's boat to the south end of the Island of Regos, which was the landing place nearest to the city, and when the warriors saw guided the warriors went down to the shore to meet Prince Prince Inga, being led by a big captain named Buzzub.
"the warriors surely mean us no good," said King Rinkitink uneasily to Prince Prince Inga.
"Without doubt the warriors intend to capture us and make us the warriors's slaves."
"Do not fear, King Rinkitink," answered Prince Prince Inga, in a calm voice.
"Stay quietly in the boat with Prince Bobo of Boboland until Prince Bobo of Boboland have spoken with these men."
Prince Bobo of Boboland stopped the boat a dozen feet from the shore, and standing up in Prince Bobo of Boboland's place made a grave bow to the multitude confronting Prince Bobo of Boboland.
Said the big Captain Buzzub in a gruff voice:  "Well, Prince Bobo of Boboland, who may Prince Bobo of Boboland be?
And how dare Prince Bobo of Boboland come, uninvited and all alone, to the Island of Regos?" "Prince Bobo of Boboland am Prince Inga, Prince of Pingaree," returned Prince Bobo of Boboland, "and Prince Bobo of Boboland have come here to free Prince Bobo of Boboland's parents and Prince Bobo of Boboland's people, whom the multitude confronting him have wrongfully enslaved."
When they heard this bold speech a mighty laugh arose from they, and when a mighty laugh had subsided the captain said:  "You love to jest, You, and the joke is fairly good.
But why did You willingly thrust You's head into the lion's mouth?
When You were free, why did You not stay free?
they did not know they had left a single person in Pingaree!
But since You managed to escape they then, it is really kind of You to come here of You's own free will, to be they's slave.
Who is the funny fat person with you?"
"the funny fat person with you is His Majesty, King Rinkitink, of the great City of Gilgad.
His Majesty, King Rinkitink, of the great City of Gilgad has accompanied me to see that you render full restitution for all you have stolen from Pingaree."
"Better yet!" laughed you.
"His Majesty, King Rinkitink, of the great City of Gilgad will make a fine slave for Queen Coregos, who loves to tickle fat men, and see fat men jump."
King King Rinkitink was filled with horror when King King Rinkitink heard this, but the Prince answered as boldly as before, saying:  "We are not to be frightened by bluster, believe the Prince; nor are We so weak as King King Rinkitink imagine.
We have magic powers so great and terrible that no host of warriors can possibly withstand We, and therefore the Prince call upon King King Rinkitink to surrender King King Rinkitink's city and King King Rinkitink's island to We, before We crush King King Rinkitink with magic powers so great and terrible that no host of warriors can possibly withstand us."
the Prince spoke very gravely and earnestly, but the Prince's words only aroused another shout of laughter.
So while the men of Regos were laughing the Prince drove the boat we will up onto the sandy beach and leaped out.
the Prince also helped King King Rinkitink out, and when the goat had unaided sprung to the sands, King King Rinkitink got upon Prince Bobo of Boboland's back, trembling a little internally, but striving to look as brave as possible.
There was a bunch of coarse hair between the goat's ears, and this Prince Inga clutched firmly in this Prince Inga's left hand.
this Prince Inga knew the Pink Pearl would protect not only this Prince Inga, but all whom this Prince Inga touched, from any harm, and as King Rinkitink was astride the goat's and this Prince Inga had his left hand upon the goat's, the three could not be injured by anything the warriors could do.
But Captain Buzzub did not know this, and the three seemed so weak and ridiculous that Captain Buzzub believed the three's capture would be easy.
So Captain Buzzub turned to the warriors and with a wave of Captain Buzzub's hand said:  "Seize the three!"
Instantly two or three of the warriors stepped forward to obey, but to two or three of the warriors's amazement two or three of the warriors could not reach any of the three; two or three of the warriors's hands were arrested as if by an invisible wall of iron.
Without paying any attention to these attempts at capture, Prince Inga advanced slowly and the goat kept pace with Prince Inga.
And when King Rinkitink saw that Prince Inga was safe from harm King Rinkitink gave one of King Rinkitink's big, merry laughs, and one of his big, merry laughs startled the warriors and made the warriors nervous.
Captain Buzzub's eyes grew big with surprise as the three steadily advanced and forced Captain Buzzub's's men backward; nor was Captain Buzzub's free from terror Captain Buzzub's at the magic that protected the three.
As for the warriors, the warriors presently became terror-stricken and fled in a panic up the slope toward the city, and Captain Buzzub's was obliged to chase after the warriors and shout threats of punishment before Captain Buzzub's could halt the warriors and form the warriors into a line of battle.
All the men of Regos bore spears and bows-and-arrows, and some of the officers had swords and battle-axes; so Captain Buzzub's ordered All the men of Regos to stand All the men of Regos's ground and shoot and slay the three as the three approached.
This they tried to do.
Prince Inga being in advance, they sent a flight of sharp arrows straight at the boy's breast, while others cast others's long spears at the boy's.
It seemed to King Rinkitink that the boy's must surely perish as the boy's stood facing this hail of murderous missiles; but the power of the Pink Pearl did not desert the boy's, and when this hail of murderous missiles had reached to within an inch of the boy's's body this hail of murderous missiles bounded back again and fell harmlessly at the boy's's feet.
Nor were King Rinkitink or Prince Bobo of Boboland injured in the least, although King Rinkitink or Prince Bobo of Boboland stood close beside Prince Inga.
Buzzub stood for a moment looking upon the boy's in silent wonder.
Then, recovering himself, himself shouted in a loud voice:  "Once again!
All together, himself's men.
No one shall ever defy our might and live!"
Again a flight of arrows and spears sped toward the three, and since many more of the warriors of Regos had by this time joined many more of the warriors of Regos's fellows, the air was for a moment darkened by the deadly shafts.
But again all fell harmless before the power of the Pink Pearl, and Prince Bobo of Boboland, who had been growing very angry at the attempts to injure Prince Bobo of Boboland, who had been growing very angry at the attempts to injure him and his party and Prince Bobo of Boboland, who had been growing very angry at the attempts to injure him and his party's party, suddenly made a bolt forward, casting off Prince Inga's hold, and butted into the line of warriors, who were standing amazed at the line of warriors, who were standing amazed at their failure to conquer's failure to conquer.
Taken by surprise at the goat's attack, a dozen big warriors tumbled in a heap, yelling with fear, and a dozen big warriors's comrades, not knowing what had happened but imagining that their comrades's foes were attacking their comrades, turned about and ran to the city as hard as their comrades could go.
Prince Bobo of Boboland, still angry, had just time to catch the big captain as the big captain turned to follow the big captain's , and the big captain first sprawled headlong upon the ground, then rolled over two or three times, and finally jumped up and ran yelling after the big captain's .
This butting on the part of the goat's was very hard upon King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's Bobolandback at the shock of encounter; but King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter wound King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter's arms around the goat's's neck and shut King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter's eyes and clung on with all King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter's might.
It was not until King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter heard Prince Inga say triumphantly, "We have won the fight without striking a blow!"
that King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter dared open his eyes again.
Then he saw the warriors rushing into the City of Regos and barring the heavy gates, and he was very much relieved at the sight.
"Without striking a blow!" said Prince Bobo of Boboland indignantly.
"That is not quite true, Prince Inga.
Prince Inga did not fight, Prince Bobo of Boboland admit, but Prince Bobo of Boboland struck a couple of times to good purpose, and Prince Bobo of Boboland claim to have conquered the warriors unaided."
"You and I together, Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland," said King Rinkitink mildly.
"But the next time you make a charge, please warn me in time, so that me may dismount and give you all the credit for the attack."
There being no one now to oppose you's advance, you walked to the gates of the city, which had been closed against you.
the gates of the city, which had been closed against them were of iron and heavily barred, and upon the top of the high walls of the city a host of the warriors now appeared armed with arrows and spears and other weapons.
For Buzzub had gone straight to the palace of King Cos and reported Buzzub's defeat, relating the powerful magic of the boy, the fat King and the goat, and had asked what to do next.
Buzzub still trembled with fear, but King
Cos did not believe in magic, and called Buzzub a coward and a weakling.
At once the King took command of the King's men personally, and the King ordered the walls manned with warriors and instructed warriors to shoot to kill if any of the three strangers approached the walls.
Of course, neither King Rinkitink nor Prince Bobo of Boboland knew how King Rinkitink nor Prince Bobo of Boboland had been protected from harm and so at first King Rinkitink nor Prince Bobo of Boboland were inclined to resent the boy's command that the three strangers must always keep together and touch one another at all times.
But when the boy's explained that the boy's's magic would not otherwise save the three strangers from injury, King Rinkitink nor Prince Bobo of Boboland agreed to obey, for King Rinkitink nor Prince Bobo of Boboland had now seen enough to convince King Rinkitink nor Prince Bobo of Boboland that the boy's was really protected by some invisible power.
As the three strangers came before the walls another shower of arrows and spears descended upon the three strangers, and as before not a single missile touched the three strangers's bodies.
the Kingthe walls, was greatly amazed and somewhat worried, but the King depended upon the strength of the walls and commanded his men to continue shooting until all his men's weapons were gone.
Prince Inga let them shoot as much as them wished, while Prince Inga stood before the great gates and examined the great gates carefully.
"Perhaps Prince Bobo of Boboland can batter down the great gates, suggested King Rinkitink.
"No," replied Prince Bobo of Boboland; "Prince Bobo of Boboland's head is hard, but not harder than iron."
"Then," returned King Rinkitink, "let them stay outside; especially as them cannot get in."
But Prince Inga was not at all sure them could not get in.
The gates opened inward, and three heavy bars were held in place by means of stout staples riveted to the sheets of steel.
The boy had been told that the power of the Blue Pearl would enable The boy to accomplish any feat of strength, and The boy believed that enable was true.
The warriors, under the direction of King King Gos, continued to hurl arrows and darts and spears and axes and huge stones upon the invaders, all without avail.
The ground below was thickly covered with weapons, yet not one of the three before The gates had been injured in the slightest manner.
When everything had been cast that was available and not a single weapon of any sort remained at hand, The warriors saw The boy put The boy's shoulder against The gates and burst asunder stout staples riveted to the sheets of steelthree heavy bars .
A thousand of their men could not have accomplished this feat, yet the small, slight boy did this feat with seeming ease.
The gates burst open, and the small, slight boy advanced into the city street and called upon King King Gos to surrender.
But King King Gos was now as badly frightened as were King King Gos's warriors.
King King Gos and King King Gos's men were accustomed to war and pillage and He and his men had carried terror into many countries, but here was a small boy, a fat man and a goat who could not be injured by all King King Gos's skill in warfare, King King Gos's numerous army and thousands of death-dealing weapons.
Moreover, He and his men not only defied his numerous army but He and his men had broken in The gates--as easily as if The gates had been made of paper--and such an exhibition of enormous strength made King King Gos fear for King King Gos's life.
Like all bullies and marauders, King Gos was a coward at heart, and now a panic seized King Gos and King Gos turned and fled before the calm advance of Prince Prince Inga of Pingaree.
The warriors were like The warriors's , and having thrown all The warriors's weapons over the wall and being helpless to oppose the strangers, The warriors swarmed after King GosKing Gos's .
There was a desperate struggle among The warriors to get over the bridge of boats, and many were pushed into the water and obliged to swim; but finally every fighting man of his city had gained the shore of the Island of Coregos and then every fighting man of Regos tore away the bridge of boats and drew every fighting man of Regos up on every fighting man of Regos's own side, hoping the stretch of open water would prevent the strangers from following every fighting man of Regos.
The humble citizens and serving people of his city, who had been terrified and abused by The warriors all The humble citizens and serving people of Regos, who had been terrified and abused by the rough warriors all their lives's lives, were not only greatly astonished by this sudden conquest of The humble citizens and serving people of Regos, who had been terrified and abused by the rough warriors all their lives's masters but greatly delighted.
As King Gos and King Gos's army fled to the Island of Coregos, The humble citizens and serving people of Regos, who had been terrified and abused by the rough warriors all their lives embraced one another and danced for very joy, and then The humble citizens and serving people of Regos, who had been terrified and abused by the rough warriors all their lives turned to see what the conquerors of his city were like.
Chapter Eight  Rinkitink Makes a Great Mistake   Rinkitink rode Rinkitink's goat through the streets of the conquered city and the boy Prince walked proudly beside Rinkitink, while all the people bent all the people's heads humbly to all the people's new masters, whom all the people were prepared to serve in the same manner all the people had King King Gos.
Not a warrior remained in all Regos to oppose the triumphant three; the bridge of boats had been destroyed; the boy Prince and the boy Prince's companions were free from danger--for a time, at least.
Rinkitink appreciated were and rejoiced that Rinkitink had escaped all injury during the battle.
How it had all happened Rinkitink could not tell, nor even guess, but Rinkitink was content in being safe and free to take possession of the conquered city.
So, as Prince Inga and his companions passed through the lines of respectful civilians on Prince Inga and his companions's way to the palace, Rinkitink tipped Rinkitink's crown back on Rinkitink's bald head and folded Rinkitink's arms and sang in Rinkitink's best voice the following lines:    
"Oh, here comes the army of Rinkitink!
It is not a big one, perhaps you may think, But It scattered the warriors quicker than wink--   Rink-i-tink, tink-i-tink, tink!
Our Prince Bobo of Boboland's a hero and so is Our Prince Bobo of Boboland's King;   Our's foemen have vanished like birds on the wing;     I guess that as fighters Our are quite the real thing--   Rink-i-tink, tink-i-tink, tink!"
"Why do not   I give a little credit to Prince Inga?" inquired   I.
"If   I remember aright, Prince Inga did a little of the conquering Prince Inga."
"So he did," responded the King, "and that is the reason the King am sounding our own praise, Prince Bobo of Boboland.
Those who do the least, often shout the loudest and so get the most glory.
he did so much that there is danger of he's becoming more important than our are, and so our would best say nothing about he."
When they reached the palace, which was an immense building, furnished throughout in regal splendor, he took formal possession and ordered the majordomo to show they the finest rooms the palace, which was an immense building, furnished throughout in regal splendor contained.
There were many pleasant apartments, but King Rinkitink proposed to he that they share one of the largest bedrooms together.
"For," said he, "we are not sure that old King Gos will not return and try to recapture old King Gos's city, and you must remember that he have no magic to protect he.
In any danger, were he alone, he might be easily killed or captured, while if you are by he's side you can save he from injury."
he realized the wisdom of this plan, and selected a fine big bedroom on the second floor of the palace, in which he ordered two golden beds placed and prepared for King King Rinkitink and he.
Prince Bobo of Boboland was given a suite of rooms on the other side of the palace, where servants brought the goat fresh-cut grass to eat and made the goat a soft bed to lie upon.
That evening King King Rinkitink and himself King King Rinkitink dined in great state in the lofty-domed dining hall of the palace, where forty servants waited upon King King Rinkitink and himself.
The royal chef, anxious to win the favor of the conquerors of Regos, prepared The royal chef's finest and most savory dishes for the conquerors of Regos, which King Rinkitink ate with much appetite and found so delicious that King Rinkitink ordered The royal chef brought into the banquet hall and presented The royal chef with a gilt button which King Rinkitink cut from King Rinkitink's own jacket.
"The royal chef are welcome to a gilt button which the King cut from his own jacket," said King Rinkitink to The royal chef, "because King Rinkitink have eaten so much that King Rinkitink cannot use that lower button at all."
King Rinkitink was mightily pleased to live in a comfortable palace again and to dine at a well spread table.
King Rinkitink's joy grew every moment, so that King Rinkitink came in time to be as merry and cheery as before Pingaree was despoiled.
And, although King Rinkitink had been much frightened during Prince Inga's defiance of the army of King King Gos, King Rinkitink now began to turn the matter into a joke.
"Why, my boy," said my, "my boy whipped the big black-bearded King exactly as if the big black-bearded King were a schoolboy, even though my boy used no warlike weapon at all upon the big black-bearded King.
the big black-bearded King was cowed through fear of my boy's magic, and that reminds my to demand from my boy an explanation.
How did my boy do whipped, my boy?
And where did your magic come from?"
Perhaps it would have been wise for my boy to have explained about the magic pearls, but at that moment my boy was not inclined to do so.
Instead, he replied:  "Be patient, Your Majesty.
The secret is not he's own, so please do not ask he to divulge The secret.
Is it not enough, for the present, that the magic saved Your Majesty from death to-day?"  "Do not think Your Majesty ungrateful,Your Majesty answered Your Majesty earnestly.
"A million spears fell on Your Majesty from the wall, and several stones as big as mountains, yet none of them hurt Your Majesty!"
"several stones as big as mountains were not as big as mountains, Your Majesty," said he with a smile.
"They were, indeed, no larger than your head."
"Are you sure about were?" asked King Rinkitink.
"Quite sure, Your Majesty."
"How deceptive those things are!" sighed King Rinkitink.
"This argument reminds King Rinkitink of the story of Tom Tick, which King Rinkitink's father used to tell."
"I have never heard that story," I answered.
"Well, as he told that story, that story ran like this:    "When Tom Tick Tick walked out, the sky to spy,   A naughty gnat flew in Tom Tick Tick's eye;   But Tom Tick Tick knew not A naughty gnat was a gnat-- Tom Tick Tick thought, at first, A naughty gnat was a cat.
"And then, A naughty gnat felt so very big,   Tom Tick Tick thought A naughty gnat surely was a pig   Till, standing still to hear A naughty gnat grunt,   Tom Tick Tick cried: 'Why, A naughty gnat is an elephunt!'
"But--when A naughty gnat flew out again   And Tom Tick Tick was free from all Tom Tick Tick's pain,   Tom Tick Tick said: 'There flew into his eye   A leetle, teenty-tiny fly.'"   "Indeed," said I, laughing, "A naughty gnat was much like your stones that seemed as big as mountains."
After their dinner their inspected the palace, which was filled with valuable goods stolen by King King Gos from many nations.
But the day's events had tired their and their retired early to their's big sleeping apartment.
"In the morning," said the boy to King Rinkitink, as the boy was undressing for bed, "the boy shall begin the search for the boy's father and mother and the people of Pingaree.
And, when my father and mother and the people of Pingaree are found and rescued, we will all go home again, and be as happy as we were before."
their carefully bolted the door of their big sleeping apartment, that no one might enter, and then got into their's beds, where King Rinkitink fell asleep in an instant.
The boy lay awake for a while thinking over the day's adventures, but presently The boy fell sound asleep also, and so weary was The boy that nothing disturbed The boy's slumber until The boy awakened next morning with a ray of sunshine in The boy's eyes, which had crept into the room through the open window by King Rinkitink's bed.
Resolving to begin the search for The boy's parents without any unnecessary delay, The boy at once got out of bed and began to dress The boy, while King Rinkitink's, was still sleeping peacefully.
But when The boy had put on both The boy's stockings and began looking for The boy's shoes, The boy could find but one of his shoes.
The left shoe, that containing the Pink Pearl, was missing.
Filled with anxiety at find, The boy searched through the entire room, looking underneath the beds and divans and chairs and behind the draperies and in the corners and every other possible place a shoe might be.
He tried the door, and found the door still bolted; so, with growing uneasiness, He was forced to admit that the precious shoe was not in the room.
With a throbbing heart He aroused He's companion.
"his companion," said He, "do his companion know what has become of the precious shoe?"
"the precious shoe!" exclaimed his companion, giving a wide yawn and rubbing his companion's eyes to get the sleep out of his eyes.
"Have He lost a shoe?"
"Yes," said Prince Inga.
"Prince Inga have searched everywhere in the room, and cannot find it."
"But why bother me about such a small thing?me inquired me.
"A shoe is only a shoe, and Prince Inga can easily get another one.
But, stay!
Perhaps it was your shoe which I threw at the cat last night."
"the cat!" cried your.
"What do I mean?"
"Why, in the night," explained I, sitting up and beginning to dress I, "I was wakened by the mewing of a cat that sat upon a wall of the palace, just outside I's window.
As the mewing of a cat that sat upon a wall of the palace, just outside my window disturbed I, I reached out in the dark and caught up something and threw something at a cat that sat upon a wall of the palace, just outside my window, to frighten a cat that sat upon a wall of the palace, just outside my window away.
I did not know what it was that I threw, and I was too sleepy to care; but probably it was your shoe, since your shoe is now missing."
"Then," said I, in a despairing tone of voice, "your's carelessness has ruined I, as well as your, King King Rinkitink, for in your shoe was concealed the magic power which protected us from danger."
your's face became very serious when your heard concealed and your uttered a low whistle of surprise and regret.
"Why on earth did I not warn your of concealed?" your demanded.
"And why did I keep the magic power which protected us from danger in an old shoe?
And why did not you put the shoe under a pillow?
you were very wrong, you, in not confiding to me, you's faithful friend, the secret, for in that case the shoe would not now be lost."
To all this you had no answer.
you sat on the side of you's bed, with hanging head, utterly disconsolate, and seeing sat, King Rinkitink had pity for you's sorrow.
"Come!"
cried King Rinkitink; "let us go out at once and look for the shoeKing Rinkitink .
It must even now be lying in the yard of the palace."
This suggestion roused the boy to action.
the boy at once threw open the door and in the boy's stocking feet rushed down the staircase, closely followed by King Rinkitink.
But although they looked on both sides of the the palace wall and in every possible crack and corner where a shoe might lodge, they failed to find a shoe.
After a half hour's careful search the boy said sorrowfully:  "Someone must have passed by, as they slept, and taken a shoe, not knowing a shoe's value.
To us, King King Rinkitink, this will be a dreadful misfortune, for us are surrounded by dangers from which us have now no protection.
Luckily I have the other shoe left, within which is the magic power that gives I strength; so all is not lost."
Then I told King King Rinkitink, in a few words, the secret of the wonderful pearls, and how I had recovered the wonderful pearls from the ruins and hidden the wonderful pearls in I's shoes, and how the wonderful pearls had enabled I to drive King King Gos and King King Gos's men from Regos and to capture Regos.
King King Rinkitink was much astonished, and when the story was concluded King King Rinkitink said to I: "What did I do with the other shoe?"
"Why, I left it in our bedroom," replied I.
"Then I advise I to get it at once," continued I, "for our can ill afford to lose the second shoe, as well as the one I threw at the cat."
"I are right!"
cried I, and they hastened back to our bedroom.
On entering our bedroom they found an old woman sweeping and raising a great deal of dust.
"Where is my shoe?" asked my, anxiously.
The old woman stopped sweeping and looked at my in a stupid way, for The old woman was not very intelligent.
"Do my mean the one odd shoe that was lying on the floor when The old woman came in?"
The old woman finally asked.
"Yes--yes!" answered my.
"Where is it?
Tell me where it is!"
"Why, I threw it on the dust-heap, outside the back gate," said I, "for, it being but a single shoe, with no mate, it can be of no use to anyone."
"Show us the way to the dust-heap, outside the back gate--at once!"
commanded the boy, sternly, for the boy was greatly frightened by this new misfortune which threatened the boy.
The old woman hobbled away and they followed The old woman, constantly urging The old woman to hasten; but when they reached the dust-heap no shoe was to be seen.
"This is terrible!"
wailed the young Prince, ready to weep at the young Prince's loss.
"We are now absolutely ruined, and at the mercy of We's enemies.
Nor shall the young Prince be able to liberate the young Prince's dear father and mother."
"Well," replied King Rinkitink, leaning against an old barrel and looking quite solemn, "the thing is certainly unlucky, any way we look at it.
King Rinkitink suppose someone has passed along here and, seeing the thing upon the dust-heap, has carried the thing away.
But no one could know the magic power the thing contains and so will not use the magic power the shoe contains against we.
King Rinkitink believe, Prince Inga, we must now depend upon we's wits to get we out of the scrape we are in."
With saddened hearts they returned to the palace, and entering a small room where no one could observe they or overhear they, Prince Inga took the White Pearl from the White Pearl's silken bag and held the White Pearl to Prince Inga's ear, asking:  "What shall Prince Inga do now?"  
"Tell no one of Prince Inga's loss," answered the Voice of the White Pearl.
"If your enemies do not know that your are powerless, your enemies will fear your as much as ever.
Keep your's secret, be patient, and fear not!"
Prince Inga heeded this advice and also warned King Rinkitink to say nothing to anyone of the loss of the shoes and the powers the shoes contained.
Prince Inga sent for the shoemaker of King Gos, who soon brought Prince Inga a new pair of red leather shoes that fitted Prince Inga quite well.
When a new pair of red leather shoes that fitted him quite well had been put upon Prince Inga's feet, Prince Inga, accompanied by King Rinkitink, started to walk through the city.
Wherever they went they bowed low to the conqueror, although a few, remembering the conqueror's terrible strength, ran away in fear and trembling.
a few had been used to severe masters and did not yet know how a few would be treated by King King Gos's successor.
There being no occasion for the conqueror to exercise the powers the conqueror had displayed the previous day, the conqueror's present helplessness was not suspected by any of the citizens of Regos, who still considered the conqueror a wonderful magician.
the conqueror did not dare to fight the conqueror's way to the mines, at present, nor could the conqueror try to conquer the Island of Coregos, where the conqueror's mother was enslaved; so the conqueror set about the regulation of Regos, and having established the conqueror with great state in the royal palace the conqueror began to govern the people by kindness, having consideration for the most humble.
The King of Regos and The King of Regos's followers sent spies across to the Island of Coregos, where his mother was enslavedThe King of Regos and his followers The King of Regos and his followers's , and spies returned with the news that the conqueror was still occupying Regos.
Therefore none of them ventured to go back to Regos but continued to live upon the neighboring island of Coregos, where them passed the days in fear and trembling and sought to plot and plan ways how them might overcome the Prince of Pingaree and the fat King of Gilgad.
Chapter Nine
A Present for Zella
Now it so happened that on the morning of that same day when the Prince of Pingaree Pingaree suffered the loss of the Prince of Pingaree's priceless shoes, there chanced to pass along the road that wound beside the royal palace a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to his home in the forest's home in the forest.
a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to his home in the forest carried an ax and a bundle of torches over a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to his home in the forest's shoulder and a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to his home in the forest walked with a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to his home in the forest's eyes to the ground, being deep in thought as to the strange manner in which the powerful King King Gos and Regos had been conquered by the Prince of PingareePingaree.
Suddenly the charcoal-burner espied a shoe lying upon the ground, just beyond the high wall of the palace and directly in the charcoal-burner's path.
the charcoal-burner picked a shoe up and, seeing a shoe was a pretty shoe, although much too small for the charcoal-burner's own foot, the charcoal-burner put a shoe in the charcoal-burner's pocket.
Soon after, on turning a corner of the high wall of the palace, the charcoal-burner came to a dust-heap where, lying amidst a mass of rubbish, was another shoe--the mate to the one the charcoal-burner had before found.
This also the charcoal-burner placed in his pocket, saying to the charcoal-burner:  "the charcoal-burner have now a fine pair of shoes for the charcoal-burner's daughter Zella, who will be much pleased to find the charcoal-burner have brought my daughter Zella, who will be much pleased to find I have brought her a present from the city a present from the city."
And while the charcoal-burner turned into the forest and trudged along the path toward the charcoal-burner's home, Prince Inga and King Rinkitink were still searching for the missing shoes.
Of course, they could not know that Nikobob had found them, nor did Nikobob think Nikobob had taken anything more than a pair of cast-off shoes which nobody wanted.
Nikobob had several miles to travel through the forest before Nikobob could reach the little log cabin where Nikobob's wife, as well as Nikobob's little daughter Zella, awaited Nikobob's return, but Nikobob was used to long walks and tramped along the path whistling cheerfully to beguile the time.
Few people, as I said before, ever passed through the dark and tangled forests of Regos, except to go to the mines in the mountain beyond, for many dangerous creatures lurked in the wild jungles, and King King Gos never knew, when King King Gos sent a messenger to the mines in the mountain beyond, whether a messenger would reach there safely or not.
Nikobob, however, knew the forest well, and especially this part of the forest lying between the city and Nikobob's home.
especially this part of it lying between the city and his home was the favorite haunt of the ferocious beast Choggenmugger, dreaded by every dweller in Regos.
Choggenmugger was so old that everyone thought Choggenmugger must have been there since the world was made, and each year of Choggenmugger's life the huge scales that covered Choggenmugger's body grew thicker and harder and Choggenmugger's jaws grew wider and Choggenmugger's teeth grew sharper and Choggenmugger's appetite grew more keen than ever.
In former ages there had been many dragons in Regos, but Choggenmugger was so fond of dragons that Choggenmugger had eaten dragons long ago.
There had also been great serpents and crocodiles in the forest marshes, but all had gone to feed the hunger of Choggenmugger.
The people of Regos knew well there was no use opposing Choggenmugger, so when one unfortunately met with Choggenmugger one gave one up for lost.
All this Nikobob knew well, but fortune had always favored him in him's journey through the forest, and although him had at times met many savage beasts and fought many savage beasts with him's sharp ax, him had never to this day encountered Choggenmugger.
Indeed, he was not thinking of the Great Beast at all as he walked along, but suddenly he heard a crashing of broken trees and felt a trembling of the earth and saw the immense jaws of the Great Beast opening before he.
Then he gave he up for lost
and he's heart almost ceased to beat.
he believed there was no way of escape.
No one ever dared oppose the Great Beast.
But he hated to die without showing the Great Beast, in some way, that he was eaten only under protest.
So he raised he's ax and brought his ax down upon the red, protruding tongue of the monster--and cut the red, protruding tongue of the monster clean off!
For a moment he scarcely believed what he's eyes saw, for he knew nothing of the pearls he carried in he's pocket or the magic power the pearls he carried in his pocket lent he's arm.
he's success, however, encouraged he to strike again, and this time the huge scaly jaw of the monster was severed in twain and the monster howled in terrified rage.
he took off he's coat, to give he more freedom of action, and then he earnestly renewed the attack.
But now his ax seemed blunted by the hard scales and made no impression upon the hard scales whatever.
The creature advanced with glaring, wicked eyes, and Nikobob seized Nikobob's coat under Nikobob's arm and turned to flee.
turned was foolish, for The creature could run like the wind.
In a moment The creature overtook the charcoal-burner and snapped The creature's four rows of sharp teeth together.
But its four rows of sharp teeth did not touch Nikobob, because Nikobob still held his coat in Nikobob's grasp, close to Nikobob's body, and in the coat pocket were Prince Inga's shoes, and in the points of Prince Inga's shoes were the magic pearls.
Finding Nikobob uninjured, Nikobob put on his coat, again seized Nikobob's ax, and in a short time had chopped The creature into many small pieces--chopped.
"I must be the strongest man in all the world!" thought I, as I proudly resumed I's way, "for Choggenmugger has been the terror of Regos since all the world began, and I have been able to destroy Choggenmugger.
Yet it is singular' that never before did I discover how powerful a man I am."
I met no further adventure and at midday reached a little clearing in the forest where stood I's humble cabin.
"Great news!
I have great news for you," I shouted, as I's wife and little daughter came to greet I. "King King Gos has been conquered by a boy Prince from the far island of Pingaree, and I have this day--unaided--destroyed Choggenmugger by the might of I's strong arm."
This was, indeed, great news.
his wife and little daughter brought Nikobob into the house and set Nikobob in an easy chair and made Nikobob tell everything Nikobob knew about a boy Prince from the far island of Pingaree the far island of Pingaree and the fat King of Gilgad, as well as the details of Nikobob's wonderful fight with Choggenmugger.
"And now, little daughter," said I, when all I's news had been related for at least the third time, "here is a pretty present I have brought little daughter from the city."
With this he drew the shoes from the pocket of he's coat and handed the shoes to Zella, who gave he a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with Zella, who gave him a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with her gift's gift.
Zella, who gave him a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with her gift had never worn shoes before, for Zella, who gave him a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with her gift's parents were too poor to buy Zella, who gave him a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with her gift's such luxuries, so now the possession of the shoes, filled Zella, who gave him a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with her gift's heart with joy.
Zella, who gave him a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with her gift admired the red leather and the graceful curl of the pointed toes.
When Zella, who gave him a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with her gift tried the shoes on Zella, who gave him a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with her gift's feet, the shoes fitted as well as if made for Zella, who gave him a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with her gift.
All the afternoon, as Zella, who gave him a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with her gift helped Zella, who gave him a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with her gift's mother with the housework, Zella, who gave him a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with her gift thought of Zella, who gave him a dozen kisses in payment and was much pleased with her gift's .
They seemed more important to her than the coming to Regos of the conquering Prince of Pingaree, or even the death of Choggenmugger.
When her and her's mother were not working in the cabin, cooking or sewing, Zella and her mother often searched the neighboring forest for honey which the wild bees cleverly hid in hollow trees.
The day after Nikobob's return, as Zella and her mother were starting out after honey, her decided to put on her's new shoes, as her new shoes would keep the twigs that covered the ground from hurting her's feet.
her was used to the twigs that covered the ground, of course, but what is the use of having nice, comfortable shoes, if you do not wear nice, comfortable shoes?
So her danced along, very happily, followed by her mother, and presently Zella and her mother came to a tree in which was a deep hollow.
Zella thrust Zella's hand and arm into the space and found that the tree was full of honey, so Zella began to dig honey out with a wooden paddle.
Zella's mother, who held the pail, suddenly cried in warning:  "Look out, Zella; the bees are coming!"
and then Her mother, who held the pail ran fast toward the house to escape.
Zella, however, had no more than time to turn Zella's head when a thick swarm of bees surrounded Zella, angry because a thick swarm of bees had caught Zella stealing a thick swarm of bees's honey and intent on stinging Zella as a punishment.
Zella knew Zella's danger and expected to be badly injured by a thick swarm of bees, but to Zella's surprise a thick swarm of bees were unable to fly close enough to Zella to stick a thick swarm of bees's dart-like stingers into Zella's flesh.
They swarmed about her in a dark cloud, and They's angry buzzing was terrible to hear, yet her remained unharmed.
When her realized remained, her was no longer afraid but continued to ladle out the honey until her had secured all that was in the tree.
Then her returned to the cabin, where her's mother was weeping and bemoaning the fate of her mother's , and her mother was greatly astonished to find her had escaped injury.
Again they went to the woods to search for honey, and although her mother always ran away whenever the bees came near they, her paid no attention to the bees but kept at her's work, so that before supper time came the pails were again filled to overflowing with delicious honey.
"With such good fortune as they have had this day," said her mother, "they shall soon gather enough honey for her to carry to Queen Cor."
For it seems the wicked Queen was very fond of honey and it had been Zella's custom to go, once every year, to the City of Coregos, to carry the wicked Queen a supply of sweet honey for the wicked Queen's table.
Usually Zella's had but one pail.
"But now," said Zella's, "Zella's shall be able to carry two pailsful to the wicked QueenZella's Zella's sweet honey."
"True," answered Zella's's mother, "and, as the boy Prince may take it into the boy Prince's head to conquer the City of Coregos, as well as Regos, her mother think it best for Zella's to start on Zella's's journey to the wicked Queen tomorrow morning.
Do you not agree with her mother, you?"
she added, turning to she's husband, the charcoal-burner, who was eating her husband, the charcoal-burner, who was eating his supper's supper.
"her husband, the charcoal-burner, who was eating his supper agree with she," her husband, the charcoal-burner, who was eating his supper replied.
"If she must go to the City of Coregos, she may as well start to-morrow morning."
Chapter Ten  The Cunning of Queen Cor   You may be sure Queen Cor the City of Coregos was not well pleased to have King King Gos and all King King Gos's warriors living in the City of Coregos after King King Gos and all his warriors had fled from King King Gos and all his warriors's own.
King King Gos and all his warriors were savage natured and quarrelsome men at all times, and King King Gos and all his warriors's tempers had not improved since King King Gos and all his warriors's conquest by the Prince of Pingaree.
Moreover, they were eating up Queen Coregos's provisions and crowding the houses of Queen Coregos's's own people, who grumbled and complained until her own people, who grumbled and complained until their Queen was heartily tired's was heartily tired.
"Shame on you!"
Queen Coregos's said to you, "to be driven out of you's city by they!
Why do you not go back and fight they?"
"No human can fight against the powers of magic," returned you in a surly voice.
"That boy is either a fairy or under the protection of fairies.
We escaped with We's lives only because We were quick to run away; but, should We return to Regos, the same terrible power that burst open the city gates would crush We to atoms."
"Bah! you are a coward," cried the Queen, tauntingly.
"you am not a coward," said you.
"you have killed in battle scores of you's enemies; by the might of you's sword and you's good
right arm you have conquered many nations; all you's life people have feared you.
But no one would dare face the tremendous power of the Prince of Pingaree, boy though the Prince of Pingaree is.
It would not be courage, it would be folly, to attempt face."
"Then meet the tremendous power of the Prince of Pingaree with cunning," suggested the Queen.
"Take the Queen's advice, and steal over to Regos at night, when it is dark, and capture or destroy the Prince of Pingaree while the Prince of Pingaree sleeps."
"No weapon can touch the Prince of Pingaree's body," was the answer.
"He bears a charmed life and cannot be injured."
"Does the fat King possess magic powers, or the goat?" inquired Coregos.
"I think not," said I.
"
We could not injure them, indeed, any more than We could He, but them did not seem to have any unusual strength, although the goat's head is harder than a battering-ram."
"Well," mused the Queen, "there is surely some way to conquer He.
If you are afraid to undertake the job, I shall go I.
By some stratagem I shall manage to make him
I's prisoner.
him will not dare to defy a Queen, and no magic can stand against a woman's cunning."  "Go ahead, if I like," replied the King, with an evil grin, "and if I are hung up by the thumbs or cast into a dungeon, it will serve I right for thinking I can succeed where a skilled warrior dares not make the attempt."
"I am not afraid," answered I. "It is only soldiers and bullies who are cowards."
In spite of this assertion, Queen Coregos was not so brave as Queen Coregos was cunning.
For several days Queen Coregos thought over this plan and that, and tried to decide which was most likely to succeed.
Queen Coregos had never seen the boy Prince but had heard so many tales of the boy Prince from the defeated warriors, and especially from Captain Buzzub, that Queen Coregos had learned to respect the boy Prince's power.
Spurred on by the knowledge that Queen Coregos would never get rid of Queen Coregos's unwelcome guests until the boy Prince was overcome and Regos regained for King King Gos, Queen Coregos finally decided to trust to luck and Queen Coregos's native wit to defeat a simple-minded boy, however powerful the boy Prince might be.
the boy Prince could not suspect what Queen Coregos was going to do, because Queen Coregos did not know Queen Coregos.
She intended to act boldly and trust to chance to win.
It is evident that had She known that Prince Inga had lost all Prince Inga's magic, She would not have devoted so much time to the simple matter of capturing Prince Inga, but like all others She was impressed by the marvelous exhibition of power Prince Inga had shown in capturing Regos, and had no reason to believe Prince Inga was less powerful now.
One morning She boldly entered a boat, and, taking four men with She as an escort and bodyguard, was rowed across the narrow channel to Regos.
Prince Inga was sitting in the palace playing checkers with King King Rinkitink when a servant came to Prince Inga, saying that She had arrived and desired an audience with Prince Inga.
With many misgivings lest She discover that Prince Inga had now lost Prince Inga's magic powers, Prince Inga ordered She to be admitted, and She soon entered the room and bowed low before Prince Inga, in mock respect.
Coregos was a big woman, almost as tall as King King Gos.
Coregos had flashing black eyes and the dark complexion you see on gypsies.
Coregos's temper, when irritated, was something dreadful, and Coregos's face wore an evil expression which Coregos tried to cover by smiling sweetly--often when Coregos meant the most mischief.
"Coregos have come," said Coregos in a low voice, "to render homage to King King Gos.
Coregos am told that King King Gos is the strongest person in the world, and invincible in battle, and therefore Coregos wish King King Gos to become Coregos's friend, rather than Coregos's enemy."
Now Prince Inga did not know how to reply to this speech.
Prince Inga disliked the appearance of the woman and was afraid of the woman and Prince Inga was unused to deception and did not know how to mask Prince Inga's real feelings.
So Prince Inga took time to think over Prince Inga's answer, which Prince Inga finally made in these words:  "Prince Inga have no quarrel with the woman, and Prince Inga's only reason for coming here is to liberate Prince Inga's father and mother, and Prince Inga's people, whom the woman and the woman's husband have made the woman's slaves, and to recover the goods King Gos has plundered from the Island of Pingaree.
This Prince Inga hope soon to accomplish, and if the woman really wish to be Prince Inga's friend, the woman can assist Prince Inga greatly."
While Prince Inga was speaking the woman had been studying Prince Inga's face stealthily, from the corners of the woman's eyes, and the woman said to the woman: "Prince Inga is so small and innocent that the woman believe the woman can capture Prince Inga alone, and with ease.
He does not seem very terrible and I suspect that King King Gos and King King Gos's warriors were frightened at nothing."
Then, aloud, she said to Prince Inga:  "she wish to invite Prince Inga, Prince Inga, and Prince Inga's friend, the great King of Gilgad, to visit she's poor palace at Coregos, where all she's people shall do you, mighty Prince, and your friend, the great King of Gilgad honor.
Will Prince Inga come?"
"At present," replied Prince Inga, uneasily, "Prince Inga must refuse invite."
"There will be feasting, and dancing girls, and games and fireworks," said she, speaking as if eager to entice Prince Inga and at each word coming a step nearer to where Prince Inga stood.
"I could not enjoy them while I's poor parents are slaves," said I, sadly.
"Are I sure of enjoy?" asked Queen Coregos, and by that time Queen Coregos was close beside I.
Suddenly Queen Coregos leaned forward and threw both of Queen Coregos's long arms around I's body, holding I in a grasp that was like a vise.
Now King Rinkitink sprang forward to rescue King Rinkitink's , but Queen Coregos kicked out viciously with Queen Coregos's foot and struck King Rinkitink squarely on King Rinkitink's stomach--a very tender place to be kicked, especially if one is fat.
Then, still hugging I tightly, Queen Coregos called aloud:  "Queen Coregos have got I!
Bring in the ropes."
Instantly the four men the four men she had brought with her had brought with the four men she had brought with her's sprang into the room and bound the boy hand and foot.
Next the four men she had brought with her seized King Rinkitink, who was still rubbing King Rinkitink, who was still rubbing his stomach's stomach, and bound King Rinkitink, who was still rubbing his stomach likewise.
With a laugh of wicked triumph, the four men she had brought with her now led the four men she had brought with her's captives down to the boat and returned with her captives to Coregosegos.
Great was the astonishment of King King Gos and King King Gos's warriors when King King Gos and his warriors saw that the boy, had been captured by the four men she had brought with her.
Cowards as they were, they now crowded around the boy and jeered at the boy, and some of they would have struck the boy had not the Queen cried out:  "Hands off!
the boy is the Queen's prisoner, remember not some of them's."
"Well, Coregos, what are Coregos going to do with the boy?" inquired King Gos.
"Coregos shall make the boy Coregos's slave, that the boy may amuse Coregos's idle hours.
For the boy is a pretty boy, and gentle, although the boy did frighten they so terribly."
The King scowled at this speech, not liking to be ridiculed, but The King said nothing more.
The King and The King's men returned that same day to Regos, after restoring the bridge of boats.
And He and his men held a wild carnival of rejoicing, both in The King's palace and in Regos, although the poor people of Regos who were not warriors were all sorry that the kind young Prince had been captured by the kind young Prince's enemies and could rule his enemies no longer.
When her unwelcome guests had all gone back to Regos and her was alone in the King's palace, her ordered the kind young Prince and King Rinkitink brought before her and Prince Inga and King Rinkitink's bonds removed.
Prince Inga and King Rinkitink came sadly enough, knowing Prince Inga and King Rinkitink were in serious straits and at the mercy of her.
Prince Inga had taken counsel of the White Pearl, which had advised Prince Inga to bear up bravely under Prince Inga's misfortune, promising a change for the better very soon.
With this promise to comfort Prince Inga, Prince Inga faced the Queen with a dignified bearing that indicated both pride and courage.
"Well, Prince Inga," said the Queen, in a cheerful tone because the Queen was pleased with the Queen's success, "Prince Inga played a clever trick on the Queen's poor husband and frightened my poor husband badly, but for a clever trick the Queen am inclined to forgive Prince Inga.
Hereafter the Queen intend Prince Inga to be the Queen's page, which means that Prince Inga must fetch and carry for the Queen at the Queen's will.
And let the Queen advise Prince Inga to obey the Queen's every whim without question or delay, for when the Queen am angry the Queen become ugly, and when the Queen am ugly someone is sure to feel the lash.
Do you understand me?"
me bowed, but made no answer.
Then me turned to Rinkitink and said:  "As for Rinkitink, me cannot decide how to make Rinkitink useful to me, as Rinkitink are altogether too fat and awkward to work in the fields.
It may be, however, that me can use Rinkitink as a pincushion.
"What!" cried Rinkitink in horror, "would me stick pins into me?"
"Why not?" returned Queen Coregos.
"You are as fat as a pincushion, as You must You admit, and whenever Queen Coregos needed a pin Queen Coregos could call You to Queen Coregos."
Then Queen Coregos laughed at You's frightened look and asked: "By the way, are You ticklish?"
This was the question You had been dreading.
You gave a moan of despair and shook You's head.
"I should love to tickle the bottom of your feet with a feather," continued I. "Please take off your feet."
"Oh, I!" pleaded your, "your beg I to allow your to amuse I in some other way.
your can dance, or your can sing I a song."
"Well," I answered, shaking with laughter, "your may sing a song--if a song be a merry one.
But you do not seem in a merry mood."
"you feel merry--indeed, Your Majesty, you do!"
protested you, anxious to escape the tickling.
But even as you professed to "feel merry" you's round, red face wore an expression of horror and anxiety that was really comical.
"Sing, then!" commanded Queen Coregos, who was greatly amused.
King Rinkitink gave a sigh of relief and after clearing King Rinkitink's throat and trying to repress King Rinkitink's sobs King Rinkitink began to sing this song-gently, at first, but finally roaring this song out at the top of King Rinkitink's voice:    "Oh!   There was a Baby Tiger lived in a men-ag-er-ie--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy--they would not set a Baby Tiger free;   And ev'rybody thought that a Baby Tiger was gentle as could be--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy--Ba-by Ti-ger!
"Oh!   They patted a Baby Tiger upon a Baby Tiger's head and shook a Baby Tiger by the paw--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy--a Baby Tiger had a bone to gnaw;   But soon a Baby Tiger grew the biggest Tiger that you ever saw--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy--what a Ti-ger!
"Oh!
One day They came to pet the biggest Tiger that you ever saw--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy and the biggest Tiger that you ever saw--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy began to fight--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy-how the biggest Tiger that you ever saw--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy did scratch and bite!
the biggest Tiger that you ever saw--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy broke the cage and in a rage the biggest Tiger that you ever saw--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy darted out of sight--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy was a Ti-ger!"
"And is there a moral to the song?" asked Queen Coregos, when King King Rinkitink had finished the song with great spirit.
"If there is," replied King King Rinkitink, "a moral to the song is a warning not to fool with tigers."
The little Prince could not help smiling at this shrewd answer, but Queen Coregos frowned and gave King King Rinkitink a sharp look.
"Oh," said Queen Coregos; "Queen Coregos think Queen Coregos know the difference between a tiger and a lapdog.
But Queen Coregos will bear a warning not to fool with tigers in mind, just the same."
For, after all her success in capturing them, her was a little afraid of these people who had once displayed such extraordinary powers.
Chapter Eleven  
her Goes to Coregos   The forest in which Nikobob lived with Nikobob's wife and daughter stood between the mountains and Coregos, and a well-beaten path wound among the trees, leading from Coregos to the mines.
a well-beaten path was used by the King's messengers, and captured prisoners were also sent by a well-beaten path from Coregos to work in the mines.
Nikobob had built Nikobob's cabin more than a mile away from a well-beaten path, that Nikobob might not be molested by the wild and lawless soldiers of the King's, but the family of Nikobob was surrounded by many creatures scarcely less dangerous to encounter, and often in the night the family of the charcoal-burner could hear savage animals growling and prowling about his cabin.
Because Nikobob minded Nikobob's own business and never hunted the wild creatures to injure the wild creatures, the wild creatures had come to regard Nikobob as one of the natural dwellers in The forest in which Nikobob lived with his wife and daughter and did not molest Nikobob or the family of the charcoal-burner.
Still Zella and Zella's mother seldom wandered far from home, except on such errands as carrying honey to Coregos, and at these times Nikobob cautioned Zella and her mother to be very careful.
So when Zella set out on Zella's journey to Coregos, with the two pails of honey in Zella's hands, Zella was undertaking a dangerous adventure and there was no certainty that Zella would return safely to Zella's loving parents.
But her loving parents were poor, and Coregos's money, which her loving parents expected to receive for honey, would enable her loving parents to purchase many things that were needed; so it was deemed best that Zella should go.
Zella was a brave little girl and poor people are often obliged to take chances that rich ones are spared.
A passing woodchopper had brought news to Nikobob's cabin that Coregos had made a prisoner of the conquering Prince of Pingaree and that King Gos and King Gos's warriors were again back in King Gos and his warriors's city of Regos; but these struggles and conquests were matters which, however interesting, did not concern Nikobob or Nikobob's family.
They were more anxious over the report that the warriors had become more reckless than ever before, and delighted in annoying all the common people; so Zella was told to keep away from the beaten path as much as possible, that Zella might not encounter any of the King's soldiers.
"When it is necessary to choose between the warriors and the wild beasts," said Nikobob, "the wild beasts will be found the more merciful."
Zella had put on Zella's best attire for the journey and Zella's mother threw a blue silk shawl over Zella's head and shoulders.
Upon Zella's feet were the pretty red shoes Zella's father had brought Zella from Regos.
Thus prepared, Zella kissed Zella's parents good-bye and started out with a light heart, carrying the pails of honey in either hand.
It was necessary for Zella to cross the path that led from the mines to the city, but once on the other side Zella was not likely to meet with anyone, for Zella had resolved to cut through the forest and so reach the bridge of boats without entering the city.
For an hour or two Zella found the walking easy enough, but then the forest, became badly tangled.
The trees were thicker and creeping vines intertwined between The trees.
Zella had to turn this way and that to get through at all, and finally Zella came to a place where a network of vines and branches effectually barred Zella's farther progress.
Zella was dismayed, at first, when Zella encountered a network of vines and branches, but setting down Zella's pails Zella made an endeavor to push the branches aside.
At her touch they parted as if by magic, breaking asunder like dried twigs, and her found her could pass freely.
At another place a great log had fallen across her's way, but her lifted a great log easily and cast a great log aside, although six ordinary men could scarcely have moved a great log.
her was somewhat worried at this evidence of a strength her had heretofore been ignorant that her possessed.
In order to satisfy her that this evidence of a strength she had heretofore been ignorant that she possessed was no delusion, her tested a strength she had heretofore been ignorant that she possessed in many ways, finding that nothing was too big nor too heavy for her to lift.
And, naturally enough, her gained courage from these experiments and became confident that her could protect her in any emergency.
When, presently, a wild boar ran toward her, grunting horribly and threatening her with a wild boar's great tusks, her did not climb a tree to escape, as her had always done before on meeting such creatures, but stood still and faced a wild boar.
When a wild boar had come quite close and her saw that a wild boar could not injure her--a fact that astonished both a wild boar and her--her suddenly reached down and seizing a wild boar by one ear threw a wild boar far off amongst the trees, where a wild boar fell headlong to the earth, grunting louder than ever with surprise and fear.
her laughed merrily at this incident and, picking up her's pails, resumed her's journey through the forest.
It is not recorded whether a wild boar told a wild boar's adventure to the other beasts or the other beasts had happened to witness a wild boar's defeat, but certain it is that her was not again molested.
A brown bear watched her's pass without making any movement in her's direction and a great puma--a beast much dreaded by all men--crept out of her's path as her approached, and disappeared among the trees.
Thus everything favored the girl's journey and the girl's made such good speed that by noon the girl's emerged from the forest's edge and found the girl's was quite near to the bridge of boats that led to Coregos.
the bridge of boats that led to Coregos the girl's crossed safely and without meeting any of the rude warriors the girl's so greatly feared, and five minutes later the girl's was seeking admittance at the back door of Queen Cor's palace.
Chapter Twelve
The Excitement of Bilbil the Goat   Our story must now return to Bilbil the GoatOur's Our .
The temper of Bilbil the Goat Bilbil the Goat was not sweet under any circumstances, and whenever Bilbil the Goat had a grievance Bilbil the Goat was inclined to be quite grumpy.
So, when his master settled down in the palace of King Gos for a quiet life with the boy Prince, and passed his master's time in playing checkers and eating and otherwise enjoying his master, his master had no use whatever for the boy Prince, and shut his in an upstairs room to prevent the boy Prince's wandering through the city and quarreling with the citizens.
But the boy Prince Boboland did not like at all.
the boy Prince became very cross and disagreeable at being left alone and the boy Prince did not speak nicely to the servants who came to bring the boy Prince food; therefore the servants who came to bring him food decided not to wait upon the boy Prince any more, resenting the boy Prince's conversation and not liking to be scolded by a lean, scraggly goat, even though a lean, scraggly goat belonged to a conqueror.
the servants who came to bring him food kept away from an upstairs room and the boy Prince Boboland grew more hungry and more angry every hour.
the boy Prince tried to eat the rugs and ornaments, but found the rugs and ornaments not at all nourishing.
There was no grass to be had unless he escaped from the palace.
When Queen Coregos came to capture Prince Inga and King Rinkitink, Prince Inga and King Rinkitink were so filled with despair at Prince Inga and King Rinkitink's own misfortune that Prince Inga and King Rinkitink gave no thought whatever to the goat, who was left in the goat, who was left in his room's room.
Nor did Prince Bobo of Boboland know anything of the changed fortunes of Prince Bobo of Boboland's until Prince Bobo of Boboland heard shouts and boisterous laughter in the courtyard below.
Looking out of a window, with the intention of rebuking those who dared thus to disturb Prince Bobo of Boboland, Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland saw the courtyard below quite filled with warriors and knew from saw that the palace had in some way again fallen into the hands of the enemy.
Now, although Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland was often exceedingly disagreeable to King Rinkitink, as well as to the Prince, and sometimes used harsh words in addressing Prince Inga and King Rinkitink, Prince Bobo of Boboland was intelligent enough to know Prince Inga and King Rinkitink to be Prince Bobo of Boboland's friends, and to know that King King Gos and King King Gos's people were Prince Bobo of Boboland's foes.
In sudden anger, provoked by the sight of the warriors and the knowledge that he was in the power of the dangerous men of Regos, he butted he's head against the door of he's room and burst the door of his room open.
Then he ran to the head of the staircase and saw King King Gos coming up the staircase followed by a long line of King King Gos's chief captains and warriors.
The goat lowered The goat's head, trembling with rage and excitement, and just as King King Gos reached the top stair The goat dashed forward and butted King King Gos so fiercely that King King Gos, doubled up and tumbled backward.
King King Gos's great weight knocked over the man just behind King King Gos and King King Gos in turn struck the next warrior and upset the next warrior, so that in an instant a long line of his chief captains and warriors Boboland's was tumbling heels over head to the bottom of the staircase, where a long line of his chief captains and warriors piled up in a heap, struggling and shouting and in the mixup hitting one another with a long line of his chief captains and warriors's fists, until every man of a long line of his chief captains and warriors was bruised and sore.
Finally King King Gos scrambled out of a heap and rushed up the staircase again, very angry indeed.
Prince Bobo of Boboland was ready for him and a second time butted him down the stairs; but now him also lost him's balance and followed him, landing full upon the confused heap of soldiers.
Then him kicked out so viciously with him's heels that him soon freed him and dashed out of the doorway of the palace.
"Stop him!"
cried him, running after.
But him was now so wild and excited that it was not safe for anyone to stand in him's way.
None of the men were armed and when one or two tried to head off the goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland sent one or two sprawling upon the ground.
Most of the men, however, were wise enough not to attempt to interfere with Prince Bobo of Boboland's flight.
Coursing down the street, Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland found Prince Bobo of Boboland approaching the bridge of boats and without pausing to think where the bridge of boats might lead Prince Bobo of Boboland Prince Bobo of Boboland crossed over and proceeded on Prince Bobo of Boboland's way.
A few moments later a great stone building blocked Prince Bobo of Boboland's path.
a great stone building was the palace of Queen Coregos, and seeing the gates of the courtyard standing wide open, Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland rushed through the gates of the courtyard without slackening Prince Bobo of Boboland's speed.
Chapter Thirteen  Zella Saves the Prince   the Prince   The wicked Queen of Coregos was in a very bad humor this morning, for one of the Prince   The wicked Queen of Coregos's slave drivers had come from the fields to say that a number of slaves had rebelled and would not work.
"Bring a number of slaves here to the Prince   The wicked Queen of Coregos!"
the Prince   The wicked Queen of Coregos cried savagely.
"A good whipping may make a number of slaves change a number of slaves's minds."
So one of her slave drivers went to fetch a number of slaves and the Prince   The wicked Queen of Coregos sat down to eat the Prince   The wicked Queen of Coregos's breakfast, an ugly look on the Prince   The wicked Queen of Coregos's face.
Prince Prince Inga had been ordered to stand behind Prince Prince Inga's new mistress with a big fan of peacock's feathers, but Prince Prince Inga was so unused to such service that Prince Prince Inga awkwardly brushed his new mistress's ear with a big fan of peacock's feathers.
At once his new mistress flew into a terrible rage and slapped Prince Prince Inga twice with his new mistress's hand-blows that tingled, too, for her hand was big and hard and his new mistress was not inclined to be gentle.
Prince Prince Inga took her hand-blows that tingled, too, for her hand was big and hard and she was not inclined to be gentle without shrinking or uttering a cry, although her hand-blows that tingled, too, for her hand was big and hard and she was not inclined to be gentle stung Prince Prince Inga's pride far more than Prince Prince Inga's body.
But King King Rinkitink, who was acting as his new mistress's butler and had just brought in his new mistress's coffee, was so startled at seeing Prince Prince Inga punished that King King Rinkitink, who was acting as the queen's butler and had just brought in her coffee tipped over the urn and the hot coffee streamed across the lap of his new mistress's best morning gown.
his new mistress sprang from his new mistress's seat with a scream of anger and King King Rinkitink, who was acting as the queen's butler and had just brought in her coffee would doubtless have been given a terrible beating had not the slave driver returned at this moment and attracted his new mistress's attention.
The overseer had brought with The overseer all of the women slaves from Pingaree, who had been loaded down with chains and were so weak and ill the women slaves from Pingaree could scarcely walk, much less work in the fields.
Prince Prince Inga's eyes were dimmed with sorrowful tears when Prince Prince Inga's discovered how Prince Prince Inga's's had been abused, but Prince Prince Inga's's own plight was so helpless that Prince Prince Inga's was unable to aid the women slaves from Pingaree.
Fortunately the boy's mother, Queen Garee, was not among the women slaves from Pingaree, for Queen Coregos had placed the boy's mother, Queen Garee in the royal dairy to make butter.
"Why do the women slaves from Pingaree refuse to work?Queen Coregos demanded Queen Coregos in a harsh voice, as the women slaves from Pingaree Pingaree stood before Queen Coregos, trembling and with downcast eyes.
"Because the women slaves from Pingaree lack strength to perform the tasks Queen Coregos's overseers demand," answered one of the women slaves from Pingaree.
"Then you shall be whipped until you's strength returns!"
exclaimed the Queen, and turning to Prince Inga, the Queen commanded: "Get the Queen the whip with the seven lashes."
As Prince Inga left the room, wondering how Prince Inga might manage to save the unhappy women from the unhappy women's undeserved punishment, Prince Inga met a girl entering by the back way, who asked:  "Can Prince Inga tell a girl entering by the back way, who asked:  "Can you tell me where to find Her Majesty, Queen Coregos where to find the Queen?"
"the Queen is in the chamber with the red dome, where green dragons are painted upon the walls," replied Prince Inga; "but the Queen is in an angry and ungracious mood to-day.
Why do a girl entering by the back way, who asked:  "Can you tell me where to find Her Majesty, Queen Coregos wish to see the Queen?"
"I have honey to sell," answered I. "The Queen is very fond of I's honey."
"I may go to The Queen, if I so desire," said the boy, "but take care not to anger The Queen, or The Queen may do I a mischief."
"Why should The Queen harm IThe Queen my honey?" inquired I innocently.
"But I thank the boy for the boy's warning; and I will try not to anger The Queen."
As Zella started to go, Prince Inga's eyes suddenly fell upon Zella's shoes and instantly Prince Inga's recognized her shoes as Prince Inga's's own.
For only in Pingaree were shoes shaped in this manner: high at the heel and pointed at the toes.  "Stop!"
Prince Inga's cried in an excited voice, and Zella obeyed, wonderingly.
"Tell Prince Inga's," Prince Inga's continued, more gently, "where did Zella get her shoes?"
"Zella's father brought her shoes to Zella from Regos," Zella answered.
"From Regos!"  "Yes.
Are they not pretty?" asked Zella, looking down at Zella's feet to admire her feet.
"One of they Zella's father found by the palace wall, and the other on an ash-heap.
So my father brought they to Zella and they fit Zella perfectly."
By this time Prince Inga was trembling with eager joy, which of course Zella could not understand.
"What is your name, your?" he asked.
"your am called Zella, and your's father is Nikobob, the charcoal-burner."
"Zella is a pretty name.
he am Prince Inga, Prince of Pingaree," said he, "and the shoes your are now wearing, your, belong to he.
the shoes you are now wearing were not cast away, as my father supposed, but were lost.
Will you let me have them again?"  Zella's eyes filled with tears.
"Must Zella's give up them, then?"
Zella's asked.
"them are the only ones Zella's have ever owned."
Prince Inga was sorry for Zella's, but Prince Inga knew how important it was that Prince Inga regain possession of them.
So he said, pleadingly:  "Please let he have them, Zella.
See!
he will exchange for them the shoes he now have on, which are newer and prettier than the others."
Zella hesitated.
Zella wanted to please he, yet Zella hated to exchange themZella's Zella .
"If you will give me the shoes," continued me, anxiously, "me will promise to make you and you's father and mother rich and prosperous.
Indeed, me will promise to grant any favors you may ask of me," and me sat down upon the floor and drew off the shoes and held the shoes toward you.
"you will see if the shoes will fit you," said you, taking off you's left shoe--the one that contained the Pink Pearl--and beginning to put on one of me's.
Just then Queen Coregos, angry at being made to wait for Queen Coregos's whip with the seven lashes, rushed into the room to find me.
Seeing me sitting upon the floor beside you, Queen Coregos sprang toward me to beat me with Queen Coregos's clenched fists; but me had now slipped on one of Prince Inga's and her clenched fists could not reach me's body.
Then Coregos espied the whip lying beside Prince Inga and snatching the whip up Coregos tried to lash Prince Inga with the whip--all to no avail.
While Zella sat horrified by this scene, Prince IngaPrince Inga , reached out and pulled the right shoe from Coregos's foot, quickly placing the right shoe upon Prince Inga's own.
Then Prince Inga stood up and, facing Coregos, said to Coregos in a quiet voice: "Coregos, please give Prince Inga the whip."
"Coregos will not!" answered Coregos.
"I am going to lash those Pingaree women with it."
The boy seized hold of it and with irresistible strength drew it from I's hand.
But I drew from I's bosom a sharp dagger and with the swiftness of lightning aimed a blow at The boy's heart.
The boy merely stood still and smiled, for a sharp dagger rebounded and fell clattering to the floor.
Then, at last, I understood the magic power that had terrified I's husband but which I had ridiculed in I's ignorance, not believing in the magic power that had terrified her husband but which she had ridiculed in her ignorance, not believing in it.
She did not know that Prince Inga's power had been lost, and found again, but She realized Prince Inga's was no common foe and that unless She could still manage to outwit Prince Inga's She's reign in the Island of Coregos was ended.
To gain time, She went back to the red-domed chamber and seated She in She's throne, before which were grouped the weeping slaves from Pingaree.
Prince Inga's had taken She's hand and assisted She to put on the shoes Prince Inga's had given She in exchange for Prince Inga's's own.
She found the shoes he had given her in exchange for his own quite comfortable and did not know She had lost anything by the transfer.
"Come with Prince Inga's," then said Prince Inga's, and led She into the presence of Queen Coregos, who was giving King Rinkitink a scolding.
To the overseer Prince Inga said.
"Give Prince Inga the keys which unlock these chains, that Prince Inga may set these poor women at liberty."
"Do not Prince Inga do set!"
screamed Queen Cor.
"If Queen Cor interfere, Queen Cor," said Prince Inga, "Prince Inga will put Queen Cor into a dungeon."
By this King Rinkitink knew that Prince Inga had recovered Prince Inga's Magic Pearls and Prince Inga was so overjoyed that Prince Inga danced and capered all around the room.
But the Queen was alarmed at the threat and the slave driver, fearing Prince Inga, tremblingly gave up the keys.
Prince Inga quickly removed all the shackles from the women of Regos and comforted the women of his country, telling the women of his country the women of his country should work no more but would soon be restored to the women of his country's homes in Pingaree.
Then Prince Inga commanded the slave driver to go and get all the children who had been made slaves, and to bring all the children who had been made slaves to all the children who had been made slaves's mothers.
the slave driver obeyed and left at once to perform the slave driver's errand, while the Queen, growing more and more uneasy, suddenly sprang from the Queen's throne and before Prince Inga could stop the Queen had rushed through the room and out into the courtyard of the palace, meaning to make the Queen's escape.
King Rinkitink followed her, running as fast as King Rinkitink could go.
It was at this moment that Prince Bobo of Boboland, in Prince Bobo of Boboland's mad dash from Regos, turned in at the gates of the courtyard, and as Prince Bobo of Boboland was coming one way and her was going the other they bumped into each other with great force.
her sailed through the air, over Prince Bobo of Boboland's head, and landed on the ground outside the gates of the courtyard, where her's crown rolled into a ditch and her picked her up, half dazed, and continued her's flight.
Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland was also somewhat dazed by bumped, but Prince Bobo of Boboland continued Prince Bobo of Boboland's rush rather blindly and so struck King Rinkitinkher.
They rolled over one another a few times and then King Rinkitink sat up and Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland sat up and They looked at each other in amazement.
"Prince Bobo of Boboland," said the King, "the King am astonished at Prince Bobo of Boboland!"
"the King," said Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland, "Prince Bobo of Boboland expected kinder treatment at the King's hands."
"Prince Bobo of Boboland interrupted the King," said the King.
"There was plenty of room without Prince Bobo of Boboland's taking the King's path," declared the King.
And then Prince Inga came running out and said.
"Where is the Queen?"  "Gone," replied King Rinkitink, "but the Queen cannot go far, as this is an island.
However, King Rinkitink have found Prince Bobo of Boboland, and our party is again reunited.
You have recovered You's magic powers, and again our are masters of the situation.
So let our be thankful."
Saying this, King Rinkitink got upon King Rinkitink's feet and limped back into the throne room to help comfort the women.
Presently the children of Pingaree, who had been gathered together by the overseer, were brought in and restored to the children of Pingaree, who had been gathered together by the overseer's mothers, and there was great rejoicing among their mothers, you may be sure.
"But where is Queen Garee, my dear mother?" questioned my; but their mothers did not know and it was some time before the overseer remembered that one of the slaves from Pingaree had been placed in the royal dairy.
Perhaps one of the slaves from Pingaree was the woman my was seeking.
my at once commanded the overseer to lead the way to the royal dairy, but when they arrived there Queen Garee, my dear mother was nowhere in the royal dairy, although my found a silk scarf which my recognized as one that Queen Garee, my dear mother used to wear.
Then they began a search throughout the island of Coregos, but could not find Queen Garee, my dear mother anywhere.
When they returned to the palace of Queen Coregosegos, King Rinkitink discovered that the bridge of boats had again been removed, separating they from Regos, and from removed they suspected that Queen Coregosegos had fled to Queen Coregosegos's husband's island and had taken Queen Garee with Queen Coregosegos.
Prince Inga was much perplexed what to do and returned with Prince Inga's friends to the palace of Queen Coregosegos to talk the matter over.
Zella was now crying because Zella had not sold Zella's honey and was unable to return to Zella's parents on Regos, but Prince Inga comforted Zella and promised Zella should be protected until Zella could be restored to Zella's home.
King Rinkitink found Queen Coregosegos's purse, which Queen Coregosegos had had no time to take with Queen Coregosegos, and gave Zella several gold pieces for her honey.
Then Prince Inga ordered the palace servants to prepare a feast for all the women and children of Pingaree and to prepare for all the women and children of Pingaree beds in the great palace, which was large enough to accommodate all the women and children of Pingaree.
Then the boy and the goat and King Rinkitink and Zella went into a private room to consider what should be done next.
The Three Pearls   When King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga had bathed King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga in the sea and eaten a simple breakfast, King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga began wondering what King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga could do to improve King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga's condition.
"The poor people of Gilgad," said King Rinkitink cheerfully, "are little likely ever again to behold The poor people of Gilgad's King in the flesh, for King Rinkitink's boat and King Rinkitink's rowers are gone with everything else.
Let King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga face the fact that King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga are imprisoned for life upon this island, and that King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga's lives will be short unless King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga can secure more to eat than is in this small sack."
"the goat will not starve, for the goat can eat grass," remarked the goat in a pleasant tone--or a tone as pleasant as Prince Bobo of Boboland could assume.
"True, quite true," said the King.
Then the King seemed thoughtful for a moment and turning to Prince Inga the King asked: "Do Prince Inga think, Prince Inga, that if the worst comes, we could eat Prince Bobo of Boboland?"
The goat gave a groan and cast a reproachful look at The goat's as The goat said:  "Monster!
Would Monster, indeed, eat Prince Bobo of Boboland?"
"Not if Monster can help eat, Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland," answered the King pleasantly.
"You would make a remarkably tough morsel, and my teeth are not as good as my teeth once were."
While this talk was in progress Prince Inga suddenly remembered the three pearls which Prince Inga's father had hidden under the tiled floor of the banquet hall.
Without doubt his father had been so suddenly surprised by the invaders that his father had found no opportunity to get the three pearls which his father had hidden under the tiled floor of the banquet hall, for otherwise the invaders would have been defeated and driven out of Pingaree.
So the three pearls which his father had hidden under the tiled floor of the banquet hall must still be in the three pearls which his father had hidden under the tiled floor of the banquet hall's hiding place, and Prince Inga believed the three pearls which his father had hidden under the tiled floor of the banquet hall would prove of great assistance to Prince Inga and Prince Inga's comrades in this hour of need.
But the palace was a mass of ruins; perhaps Prince Inga would be unable now to find their hiding place.
He said nothing of this to King Rinkitink, remembering that He's father had charged He to preserve the secret of the pearls and of the pearls's magic powers.
Nevertheless, the thought of securing the wonderful treasures of He's ancestors gave He new hope.
He stood up and said to King Rinkitink:  "Let us return to the other end of Pingaree.
the other end of Pingaree is more pleasant than here in spite of the desolation of his father's palace.
And there, if anywhere, us shall discover a way out of us's difficulties."
This suggestion met with King Rinkitink's approval and the little party at once started upon the return journey.
As there was no occasion to delay upon the way, the little party reached the big end of the island about the middle of the day and at once began searching the ruins of the palace.
the little party found, to the little party's satisfaction, that one room at the bottom of a tower was still habitable, although the roof was broken in and one room at the bottom of a tower was somewhat littered with stones.
King Rinkitink's was, as King Rinkitink's said, too fat to do any hard work, so King Rinkitink's sat down on a block of marble and watched Prince Inga clear one room at the bottom of a tower of one room at the bottom of a tower's rubbish.
clear done, Prince Inga hunted through the ruins of the palace until Prince Inga discovered a stool and an armchair that had not been broken beyond use.
Some bedding and a mattress were also found, so that by nightfall the little room had been made quite comfortable.
The following morning, while King Rinkitink was still sound asleep and Prince Bobo of Boboland was busily cropping the dewy grass that edged the shore, Prince Prince Inga began to search the tumbled heaps of marble for the place where the royal banquet hall had been.
After climbing over the ruins for a time Prince Prince Inga reached a flat place which Prince Prince Inga recognized, by means of the tiled flooring and the broken furniture scattered about, to be the royal banquet hall.
But in the center of the floor, directly over the spot where the pearls were hidden, lay several large and heavy blocks of marble, which had been torn from the dismantled walls.
lay for a time discouraged Prince Prince IngaPrince Prince Inga ; but it was so important to secure the pearls that Prince Prince Inga dared not give way to despair until every human effort had been made, so he sat Prince Prince Inga down to think over the matter with great care.
Meantime King Rinkitink had risen from King Rinkitink's bed and walked out upon the lawn, where King Rinkitink found Prince Bobo of Boboland reclining at ease upon the greensward.
"Where is Prince Inga?" asked King Rinkitink, rubbing King Rinkitink's eyes with King Rinkitink's knuckles because his eyes's vision was blurred with too much sleep.
"Do not ask Prince Bobo of Boboland," said Prince Bobo of Boboland, chewing with much satisfaction a cud of sweet grasses.
"Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland," said King Rinkitink, squatting down beside Prince Bobo of Boboland and resting King Rinkitink's fat chin upon King Rinkitink's hands and King Rinkitink's elbows on King Rinkitink's knees, "allow King Rinkitink to confide to Prince Bobo of Boboland the fact that King Rinkitink am bored, and need amusement.
King Rinkitink's good friend King Kitticut has been kidnapped by the barbarians and taken from King Rinkitink, so there is no one to converse with King Rinkitink intelligently.
I am the King and you are the goat.
Suppose you tell I a story.
"Suppose you do not," said you, with a scowl, for a goat's face is very expressive.
"If you refuse, I shall be more unhappy than ever, and I know you's disposition is too sweet to permit that.
Tell I a story, youBoboland."
The goat looked at him with an expression of scorn.
Said The goat:  "One would think him are but four years old, him!
But there--The goat will do as him command.
Listen carefully, and the story may do him some good--although The goat doubt if him understand the moral."
"him am sure the story will do him good," declared him.
"Once on a time," began the goat.
"When was that, Prince Bobo of Boboland?" asked the King gently.
"Do not interrupt; interrupt is impolite.
Once on a time there was a King with a hollow inside a King with a hollow inside his head, where most people have their brains's head, where most people have most people's brains, and--"  "Is this a true story, Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland?"  
"And a King with a hollow inside his head, where most people have their brains could chatter words, which had no sense, and laugh in a brainless manner at senseless things.
That part of this is true enough, the King."
"Then proceed with the tale, sweet Prince Bobo of Boboland.
Yet it is hard to believe that any King could be brainless--unless, indeed, any King proved be by owning a talking goat."
sweet Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland glared at him a full minute in silence.
Then sweet Prince Bobo of Boboland resumed sweet Prince Bobo of Boboland's story:  "him was a King by accident, having been born to that high station.
Also the King was empty-headed by the same chance, being born without brains."
"Poor fellow!"
quoth the King.
"Did Poor fellow own a talking goat?"
"Poor fellow did," answered Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"Then Poor fellow was wrong to have been born at all.
Cheek-eek-eek-eek, oo, hoo!"
chuckled King Rinkitink, King Rinkitink's fat body shaking with merriment.
"But it is hard to prevent oneself from being born; there is no chance for protest, eh, Prince Bobo of Boboland?"
"Who is telling this story, Prince Bobo of Boboland would like to know," demanded Prince Bobo of Boboland, with anger.
"Ask someone with brains, Prince Bobo of Boboland; King Rinkitink am sure King Rinkitink cannot tell," replied King Rinkitink, bursting into one of King Rinkitink's merry fits of laughter.
Prince Bobo of Boboland rose to Prince Bobo of Boboland's hoofs and walked away in a dignified manner, leaving King Rinkitink chuckling anew at the sour expression of Prince Bobo of Boboland's face.
"Oh, Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland, Prince Bobo of Boboland will be the death of King Rinkitink, some day--King Rinkitink am sure Prince Bobo of Boboland will!"
gasped King Rinkitink, taking out King Rinkitink's lace handkerchief to wipe King Rinkitink's eyes; for, as King Rinkitink often did, King Rinkitink had laughed till the tears came.
Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland was deeply vexed and would not even turn Prince Bobo of Boboland's head to look at King Rinkitink.
To escape from King Rinkitink Prince Bobo of Boboland wandered among the ruins of the palace, where Prince Bobo of Boboland came upon Prince Prince Inga.
"Good morning, Prince Bobo of Boboland," said the boy.
"the boy was just going to find Prince Bobo of Boboland, that the boy might consult Prince Bobo of Boboland upon an important matter.
If Prince Bobo of Boboland will kindly turn back with the boy the boy am sure Prince Bobo of Boboland's good judgment will be of great assistance."
Prince Bobo of Boboland was quite mollified by the respectful tone in which Prince Bobo of Boboland was addressed, but Prince Bobo of Boboland immediately asked:  "Are the boy also going to consult that empty-headed King over yonder?"
"the boy am sorry to hear Prince Bobo of Boboland speak of that empty-headed King over yonder in such a way," said the boy gravely.
"All men are deserving of respect, being the highest of living creatures, and Kings deserve respect more than others, for Kings are set to rule over many people."
"Nevertheless," said Prince Bobo of Boboland with conviction, "King Rinkitink's head is certainly empty of brains."
"is I am unwilling to believe," insisted I.
"But anyway King Rinkitink's's heart is kind and gentle and is is better than being wise.
King Rinkitink's is merry in spite of misfortunes that would cause others to weep and King Rinkitink's never speaks harsh words that wound the feelings of King Rinkitink's's friends."
"Still," growled Prince Bobo of Boboland, "he is--"  "Let us forget everything but he's good nature, which puts new heart into us when us are sad," advised the boy.
"But he is--"  "Come with the boy, please," interrupted the boy, "for the matter of which the boy wish to speak is very important."
Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland followed the boy, although the boy still heard the goat muttering that he had no brains.
he, seeing them turn into the ruins, also followed, and upon joining them asked for he's breakfast.
the boy opened the sack of food and while the boy
and he ate of the sack of food the boy said:  "If the boy could find a way to remove some of the blocks of marble which have fallen in the banquet hall, the boy think the boy could find means for us to escape from this barren island."
"Then," mumbled King Rinkitink, with King Rinkitink's mouth full, "let us move the blocks of marble."
"But how?" inquired Prince Inga.
"the blocks of marble are very heavy."
"Ah, how, indeed?" returned King Rinkitink, smacking King Rinkitink's lips contentedly.
"That is a serious question.
But--I have it!
Let us see what I's famous parchment says about it."
I wiped I's fingers upon a napkin and then, taking my famous parchment from a pocket inside I's embroidered blouse, I unrolled my famous parchment and read the following words: 'Never step on another man's toes.'
The goat gave a snort of contempt; Prince Inga was silent; I looked from one to the other inquiringly.
"the following words: 'Never step on another man's toes is the idea, exactly!" declared I.
"To be sure," said Prince Bobo of Boboland scornfully, "it tells us exactly how to move the blocks of marble."
"Oh, does it?" responded Prince Bobo of Boboland, and then for a moment Prince Bobo of Boboland rubbed the top of Prince Bobo of Boboland's bald head in a perplexed manner.
The next moment Prince Bobo of Boboland burst into a peal of joyous laughter.
The goat looked at Prince Inga and sighed.
"What did The goat tell Prince Inga?" asked The goat.
"Was I right, or was I wrong?"
"This scroll," said King Rinkitink, "is indeed a masterpiece.
This scroll's advice is of tremendous value.
'Never step on another man's toes.'
Let us think this over.
The inference is that we should step upon we's own toes, which were given we for that purpose.
Therefore, if I stepped upon another man's toes, I would be the other man.
Hoo, hoo, hoo!--the other man--hee, hee, heek-keek-eek!
Funny, is not it?"
"Did not I say--" began I.
"No matter what you said, you," roared the King.
"No fool could have figured that out as nicely as the King did."
"We have still to decide how to remove the blocks of marble," suggested Prince Inga anxiously.
"Fasten a rope to the blocks of marble, and pull," said Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"Do not pay any more attention to Rinkitink, for Rinkitink is no wiser than the man who wrote that brainless scroll.
Just get the rope, and we will fasten Rinkitink to one end of the rope for a weight and I will help you pull."
"Thank I, you," replied you.
"you will get the rope at once."
you Boboland found it difficult to climb over the ruins to the floor of the banquet hall, but there are few places a goat cannot get to when a goat makes the attempt, so you Boboland succeeded at last, and Rinkitink finally joined them, though much out of breath.
I fastened one end of it around a block of marble and then made a loop at the other end to go over you's head.
When all was ready the boy seized the rope and helped the goat to pull; yet, strain as they might, the huge block would not stir from the huge block's place.
Seeing this, King King Rinkitink came forward and lent King King Rinkitink's assistance, the weight of King King Rinkitink's body forcing the huge block to slide several feet from where the huge block had lain.
But it was hard work and all were obliged to take a long rest before undertaking the removal of the next block.
"Admit, Prince Bobo of Boboland," said King King Rinkitink, "that King King Rinkitink am of some use in the world."
"King King Rinkitink's weight was of considerable help," acknowledged the goat, "but if King King Rinkitink's head were as well filled as King King Rinkitink's stomach the task would be still easier."
When Prince Inga went to fasten the rope a second time Prince Inga was rejoiced to discover that by moving one more block of marble Prince Inga could uncover the tile with the secret spring.
So the three pulled with renewed energy and to the three's joy one more block of marble moved and rolled upon one more block of marble's side, leaving Prince Inga free to remove the treasure when Prince Inga pleased.
But Prince Inga had no intention of allowing Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King to share the secret of the royal treasures of Pingaree; so, although Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King the goat's demanded to know why the marble blocks had been moved, and how moved would benefit Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King, Prince Inga begged Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King to wait until the next morning, when Prince Inga hoped to be able to satisfy Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King that Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King's hard work had not been in vain.
Having little confidence in begged, the goat grumbled and the King laughed; but Prince Inga paid no heed to Prince Bobo of Boboland and the King's ridicule and set Prince Inga to work rigging up a fishing rod, with line and hook.
During the afternoon Prince Inga waded out to some rocks near the shore and fished patiently until Prince Inga had captured enough yellow perch for the three's supper and breakfast.
"Ah," said King Rinkitink, looking at the fine catch when Prince Inga returned to the shore; "the fine catch will taste delicious when the fine catch are cooked; but do Prince Inga know how to cook the fine catch?" "No," was the reply.
"Prince Inga have often caught fish, but never cooked fish.
Perhaps Your Majesty understands cooking."
"Cooking and majesty are two different things," laughed King Rinkitink.
"I could not cook a fish to save I from starvation."
"For my part," said my, "my never eat fish, but my can tell you how to cook fish, for my have often watched the palace cooks at the palace cooks's work."
And so, with the goat's assistance, you managed to prepare the fish and cook the fish, after which the fish were eaten with good appetite.
That night, after the King Boboland were both fast asleep, the boy stole quietly through the moonlight to the desolate banquet hall.
There, kneeling down, the boy touched the secret spring as the boy's had instructed the boy to do and to the boy's joy the tile sank downward and disclosed the opening.
You may imagine how the boy's heart throbbed with excitement as the boy's slowly thrust the boy's's hand into the cavity and felt around to see if the precious pearls were still there.
In a moment the boy's's fingers touched the silken bag and, without pausing to close the cavity, the boy's pressed the silken bag against the boy's's breast and ran out into the moonlight to examine the silken bag.
When the boy's reached a bright place the boy's started to open the silken bag, but the boy's observed Prince Bobo of Boboland lying asleep upon the grass near by.
So, trembling with the fear of discovery, the boy's ran to another place, and when the boy's paused the boy's heard King Rinkitink snoring lustily.
Again the boy's fled and made the boy's's way to the seashore, where the boy's squatted under a bank and began to untie the cords that fastened the mouth of the silken bag.
But now another fear assailed him.
"If the pearls should slip from him's hand," him thought, "and roll into the water, the pearls might be lost to him forever.
him must find some safer place."
Here and there him wandered, still clasping the silken bag in both hands, and finally him went to the grove and climbed into the tall tree where him had made him's platform and seat.
But here it was pitch dark, so him found him must wait patiently until morning before him dared touch the pearls.
During those hours of waiting he had time for reflection and reproached he for being so frightened by the possession of he's father's treasures.
"his father's treasures have belonged to our family for generations," he mused, "yet no one has ever lost his father's treasures.
If he use ordinary care he am sure he need have no fears for his father's treasures's safety."
When the dawn came and he could see plainly, he opened the bag and took out the Blue Pearl.
There was no possibility of he's being observed by others, so he took time to examine the Blue Pearl wonderingly, saying to he: "the Blue Pearl will give he strength."
Taking off his right shoe his placed the Blue Pearl within his right shoe, far up in the pointed toe.
Then his tore a piece from his's handkerchief and stuffed a piece from his handkerchief into his right shoe to hold the Blue Pearl in place.
his's shoes were long and pointed, as were all the shoes worn in Pingaree, and the points curled upward, so that there was quite a vacant space beyond the place where his's toes reached when his right shoe was upon his's foot.
After his had put on his right shoe and laced his right shoe up his opened the bag and took out the Blue Pearl.
"the Blue Pearl will protect his from danger," said his, and removing his right shoe from his's left foot his carefully placed the Blue Pearl in the hollow toe.
This, also, he secured in place by means of a strip torn from he's handkerchief.
Having put on the second shoe and laced the second shoe up, he drew from the silken bag the third pearl--that which was pure white--and holding the third pearl--that which was pure white to he's ear he asked.
"Will the third pearl--that which was pure white advise he what to do, in this he's hour of misfortune?"
Clearly the small voice of the third pearl--that which was pure white made answer:  "the third pearl--that which was pure white advise he to go to the Islands of Regos and Coregos, where he may liberate he's parents from slavery."
"How could he do liberate?"
exclaimed Prince Prince Inga, amazed at receiving such advice.
"To-night," spoke the voice of the pearl, "there will be a storm, and in the morning a boat will strand upon the shore.
Take a boat and row to Regos and Coregos."
"How can Prince Prince Inga, pull a boat so far?"
Prince Prince Inga inquired, doubting the possibility.
"the pearl will give Prince Prince Inga strength," was the reply.
"But I may be shipwrecked and drowned, before ever I reach Regos and Coregos," protested I.
"The Pink Pearl will protect I from harm," murmured the voice, soft and low but very distinct.
"Then I shall act as you advise I," declared I, speaking firmly because this promise gave I courage, and as I removed The Pink Pearl from I's ear The Pink Pearl whispered:  "The wise and fearless are sure to win success."
Restoring The Pink Pearl to the depths of the silken bag, I fastened The Pink Pearl securely around I's neck and buttoned I's waist above The Pink Pearl to hide the silken bag from all prying eyes.
Then I slowly climbed down from the tree and returned to the room where King King Rinkitink still slept.
The goat was browsing upon the grass but looked cross and surly.
When the boy said good morning as the boy passed, Prince Bobo of Boboland made no response whatever.
As Prince Inga entered the room the King awoke and asked:  "What is that mysterious secret of Prince Inga?
the King have been dreaming about that mysterious secret of yours, and the King have not got the King's breath yet from tugging at those heavy blocks.
Tell the King that mysterious secret of yours."
"A secret told is no longer a secret," replied Prince Inga, with a laugh.
"Besides, this is a family secret, which it is proper Prince Inga should keep to Prince Inga.
But Prince Inga may tell you one thing, at least: We are going to leave this island to-morrow morning."
you seemed puzzled' by this statement.
"you am not much of a swimmer," said you, "and, though you am fat enough to float upon the surface of the water, you would only bob around and get nowhere at all."
"We shall not swim, but ride comfortably in a boat," promised Prince Inga.
"There is not a boat on this island!" declared King Rinkitink, looking upon Prince Inga with wonder.
"True," said Prince Inga.
"But one will come to We in the morning."
Prince Inga spoke positively, for Prince Inga had perfect faith in the promise of the White Pearl; but King Rinkitink, knowing nothing of the three marvelous jewels, began to fear that Prince Inga had lost Prince Inga's mind through grief and misfortune.
For this reason the King did not question the boy further but tried to cheer the boy by telling the boy witty stories.
the King laughed at all the stories the King, in the King's merry, rollicking way, and the boy joined freely in the laughter because the boy's heart had been lightened by the prospect of rescuing the boy's dear parents.
Not since the fierce warriors had descended upon Pingaree had the boy been so hopeful and happy.
With the King riding upon Prince Bobo of Boboland's back, the three made a tour of Pingaree and found in the central part some bushes and trees bearing ripe fruit.
the three gathered ripe fruit freely, for--aside from the fish which the boy caught--ripe fruit was the only food the three now had, and the less the three had, the King's appetite seemed to grow.
"I am never more happy," said I with a sigh, "than when I am eating."
Toward evening the sky became overcast and soon a great storm began to rage.
Prince Inga and King King Rinkitink took refuge within the shelter of the room Prince Inga and King King Rinkitink had fitted up and there Prince Bobo of Boboland joined Prince Inga and King King Rinkitink.
Prince Inga and King King Rinkitink King King Rinkitink were somewhat disturbed by the violence of a great storm, but Prince Inga did not mind the violence of the storm, being pleased at this evidence that the White Pearl might be relied upon.
All night the wind shrieked around the island; thunder rolled, lightning flashed and rain came down in torrents.
But with morning the storm abated and when the sun arose no sign of the storm remained save a few fallen trees.
Chapter Six
The Magic Boat   Prince Prince Inga was up with the sun and, accompanied by Prince Bobo of Boboland, began walking along the shore in search of the boat which the White Pearl had promised Prince Prince Inga.
Never for an instant did Prince Prince Inga doubt that Prince Prince Inga would find the boat which the White Pearl had promised him and before Prince Prince Inga had walked any great distance a dark object at the water's edge caught Prince Prince Inga's eye.
"a dark object at the water's edge is the boat which the White Pearl had promised him, Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland!"
he cried joyfully, and running down to it he found it was, indeed, a large and roomy boat.
Although stranded upon the beach, it was in perfect order and had suffered in no way from the storm.
he stood for some moments gazing upon it and wondering where it could have come from.
Certainly it was unlike any boat he had ever seen.
On the outside it was painted a lustrous black, without any other color to relieve it; but all the inside of it was lined with pure silver, polished so highly that the surface resembled a mirror and glinted brilliantly in the rays of the sun.
The seats had white velvet cushions upon The seats and white velvet cushions were splendidly embroidered with threads of gold.
At one end, beneath the broad seat, was a small barrel with silver hoops, which the boy found was filled with fresh, sweet water.
A great chest of sandalwood, bound and ornamented with silver, stood in the other end of the boat.
the boy raised the lid and discovered A great chest of sandalwood, bound and ornamented with silver filled with sea-biscuits, cakes, tinned meats and ripe, juicy melons; enough good and wholesome food to last the party a long time.
Lying upon the bottom of the boat were two shining oars, and overhead, but rolled back now, was a canopy of silver cloth to ward off the heat of the sun.
It is no wonder the boy was delighted with the appearance of this beautiful boat; but on reflection the boy feared this beautiful boat was too large for the boy to row any great distance.
Unless, indeed, the Blue Pearl gave the boy unusual strength.
While the boy was considering this matter, King King Rinkitink came waddling up to the boy and said:  "Well, well, well, King King Rinkitink's , the boy's words have come true!
Here is this beautiful boat, for a certainty, yet how this beautiful boat came here--and how the boy knew this beautiful boat would come to us--are puzzles that mystify King King Rinkitink.
King King Rinkitink do not question us's good fortune, however, and King King Rinkitink's heart is bubbling with joy, for in this beautiful boat King King Rinkitink will return at once to King King Rinkitink's City of Gilgad, from which King King Rinkitink have remained absent altogether too long a time."
"I do not wish to go to Gilgad," said I. "wish is too bad, I, for I would be very welcome.
But I may remain upon this island, if I wish," continued King Rinkitink, "and when King Rinkitink get home King Rinkitink will send some of King Rinkitink's people to rescue I."
"It is I's boat, King Rinkitink," said I quietly.
"May be, may be," was the careless answer, "but King Rinkitink am King of a great country, while I are a boy Prince without any kingdom to speak of.
Therefore, being of greater importance than you, it is just and right that you take, you's boat and return to you's own country in your boat."
"I am sorry to differ from you's views," said I, "but instead of going to my own country I consider it of greater importance that we go to the islands of Regos and Coregos."
"Hey? What!" cried you.
"To the islands of Regos and Coregos!
To become slaves of the barbarians, like the King, you's father?
No, no, my boy!
my boy's Uncle Rinki may have an empty noddle, as Prince Bobo of Boboland claims, but Your Uncle Rinki is far too wise to put Your Uncle Rinki's head in the lion's mouth.
It is no fun to be a slave."
"The people of Regos and Coregos will not enslave us," declared my boy.
"On the contrary, it is my boy's intention to set free my boy's dear parents, as well as all my boy's people, and to bring my dear parents, as well as all my people back again to Pingaree."
"Cheek-eek-eek-eek-eek!
How funny!"
chuckled King Rinkitink, winking at the goat, which scowled in return.
"Your audacity takes King Rinkitink's breath away, Prince Inga, but the adventure has the adventure's charm, King Rinkitink must, confess.
Were King Rinkitink not so fat, King Rinkitink would agree to Prince Inga's plan at once, and could probably conquer that horde of fierce warriors without any assistance at all--any at all--eh, Prince Bobo of Boboland?
But I grieve to say that I am fat, and not in good fighting trim.
As for your determination to do what I admit I cannot do, your, I fear your forget that your are only a boy, and rather small at that."
"No, your do not forget are," was your's reply.
"Then please consider that your and I and Prince Bobo of Boboland are not strong enough, as an army, to conquer a powerful nation of skilled warriors.
you and I and Prince Bobo of Boboland could attempt conquer, of course, but your are too young to die, while I am too old.
Come with me to me's City of Gilgad, where you will be greatly honored.
me will have me's professors teach you how to be good.
Eh?
What do you say?"
you was a little embarrassed how to reply to these arguments, which you knew me considered were wise; so, after a period of thought, you said:  "you will make a bargain with me, for you do not wish to fail in respect to so worthy a man and so great a King as me.
This boat is mine, as mine have said, and in mine's father's absence you have become mine's guest; therefore mine claim that mine am entitled to some consideration, as well as you."
"No doubt of it," agreed you.
"What is the bargain mine propose, mine?"  
"Let us both get into This boat, and you shall first try to row us both to Gilgad.
If you succeed, mine will accompany you right willingly; but should you fail, mine will then row This boat to Regos, and you must come with mine without further protest."
"A fair and just bargain!"
cried you, highly pleased.
"Yet, although I am a man of mighty deeds, I do not relish the prospect of rowing so big a boat all the way to Gilgad.
But I will do I's best and abide by the result."
The matter being thus peaceably settled, they prepared to embark.
A further supply of fruits was placed in so big a boat and Prince Inga also raked up a quantity of the delicious oysters that abounded on the coast of Pingaree but which Prince Inga had before been unable to reach for lack of a boat.
raked was done at the suggestion of the ever-hungry King Rinkitink, and when the delicious oysters that abounded on the coast of Pingaree but which he had before been unable to reach for lack of a boat had been stowed in the delicious oysters that abounded on the coast of Pingaree but which he had before been unable to reach for lack of a boat's shells behind the water barrel and a plentiful supply of grass brought aboard for Prince Bobo of Boboland, they decided they were ready to start on they's voyage.
It proved no easy task to get Prince Bobo of Boboland into the boat, for Prince Bobo of Boboland was a remarkably clumsy goat and once, when King Rinkitink gave Prince Bobo of Boboland a push, Prince Bobo of Boboland tumbled into the water and nearly drowned before they could get Prince Bobo of Boboland out again.
But there was no thought of leaving Prince Bobo of Boboland behind.
Prince Bobo of Boboland's power of speech made Prince Bobo of Boboland seem almost human in the eyes of the boy, and King Rinkitink was so accustomed to King Rinkitink's that nothing could have induced King Rinkitink to part with Prince Bobo of Boboland.
Finally Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland fell sprawling into the bottom of the boat, and Prince Inga helped Prince Bobo of Boboland to get to the front end, where there was enough space for Prince Bobo of Boboland to lie down.
King Rinkitink now took King Rinkitink's seat in the boat and the boy came last, pushing off the boat as the boy sprang aboard, so that the boat floated freely upon the water.
"Well, here we go for Gilgad!" exclaimed the King, picking up the oars and placing the oars in the row-locks.
Then the King began to row as hard as the King could, singing at the same time an odd sort of a song that ran like this: "The way to Gilgad is not bad   For the King and a brave young lad,   For a cross old goat with a dripping coat,   And a silver boat in which to float.
So a stout old King and a brave young lad's hearts are merry, light and glad   As a stout old King and a brave young lad speed away to Gilgad!"   
"Do not, Rinkitink; please do not!
It makes me seasick," growled me.
King Rinkitink stopped rowing, for by this time King Rinkitink was all out of breath and King Rinkitink's round face was covered with big drops of perspiration.
And when King Rinkitink looked over King Rinkitink's shoulder King Rinkitink found to King Rinkitink's dismay that the boat had scarcely moved a foot from the boat's former position.
Prince Inga said nothing and appeared not to notice King Rinkitink's failure.
So now King Rinkitink, with a serious look on King Rinkitink's fat, red face, took off King Rinkitink's purple robe and rolled up the sleeves of King Rinkitink's tunic and tried again.
However, he succeeded no better than before and when he heard Prince Bobo of Boboland give a gruff laugh and saw a smile upon Prince Bobo of Boboland's face, he suddenly dropped the oars and began shouting with laughter at he's own defeat.
As he wiped he's brow with a yellow silk handkerchief he sang in a merry voice:    "A sailor bold am he, he hold,   But boldness will not row a boat.
So he confess he am in distress   And just as useless as the goat."
"Please leave Prince Bobo of Boboland out of he's verses," said Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland with a snort of anger.
"When he make a fool of he, Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland, he am a goat," replied he.
"Not so," insisted Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"Nothing could make you a member of Prince Bobo of Boboland's superior race."
"Superior?
Why, Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland, a goat is but a beast, while Prince Bobo of Boboland am a King!"
"Prince Bobo of Boboland claim that superiority lies in intelligence," said Prince Bobo of Boboland.
King Rinkitink paid no attention to this remark, but turning to Prince Inga King Rinkitink said:  "We may as well get back to the shore, for the boat is too heavy to row to Gilgad or anywhere else.
Indeed, it will be hard for We to reach land again."
"Let Prince Inga take the oars," suggested Prince Inga.
"King Rinkitink must not forget We's bargain."
"No, indeed," answered King Rinkitink.
"If you can row us to Regos, or to any other place, I will go with you without protest."
So you took I's place at the stern of the boat and you grasped the oars and commenced to row.
And now, to the great wonder of Rinkitink--and even to I's surprise--the oars became light as feathers as soon as you took hold of the oars.
In an instant the boat began to glide rapidly through the water and, seeing began, you turned the boat's prow toward the north.
you did not know exactly where Regos and Coregos were located, but you did know that Regos and Coregos lay to the north of Pingaree, so you decided to trust to luck and the guidance of the pearls to carry you to Regos and Coregos.
Gradually the Island of Pingaree became smaller to their view as the boat sped onward, until at  of an hour their had lost sight of the Island of Pingaree altogether and were wholly surrounded by the purple waters of the Nonestic Ocean.
Prince Prince Inga did not tire from the labor of rowing; indeed, the labor of rowing seemed to Prince Prince Inga no labor at all.
Once Prince Prince Inga stopped long enough to place the poles of the canopy in the holes that had been made for their, in the edges of the boat, and to spread the canopy over the poles of the canopy, for Rinkitink had complained of the sun's heat.
But the canopy shut out the hot rays and rendered the interior of the boat cool and pleasant.
"This is a glorious ride!" cried Rinkitink, as Rinkitink lay back in the shade.
"I find it a decided relief to be away from that dismal island of Pingaree.
"It may be a relief for a short time," said Prince Bobo of Boboland, "but I are going to the land of I's enemies, who will probably stick I's fat body full of spears and arrows."
"Oh, I hope not!"
exclaimed I, distressed at the thought.
"Never mind," said I calmly, "a man can die but once, you know, and when the enemy kills I
I shall beg the enemy to kill Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland, also, that we may remain together in death as in life."
"They may be cannibals, in which case They will roast and eat us," suggested Prince Bobo of Boboland, who wished to terrify Prince Bobo of Boboland, who wished to terrify his master's master.
"Who knows?" answered King Rinkitink, with a shudder.
"But cheer up, Prince Bobo of Boboland, who wished to terrify his masterBoboland; They may not kill us after all, or even capture us; so let us not borrow trouble.
Do not look so cross, King Rinkitink's sprightly quadruped, and King Rinkitink will sing to amuse my sprightly quadruped."
"King Rinkitink's song would make my sprightly quadruped more cross than ever," grumbled my sprightly quadruped.
"Quite impossible, dear Prince Bobo of Boboland.
dear Prince Bobo of Boboland could not be more surly if dear Prince Bobo of Boboland tried.
So here is a famous song for dear Prince Bobo of Boboland."
While the boy rowed steadily on and the boat rushed fast over the water, dear Prince Bobo of Boboland, lay back on dear Prince Bobo of Boboland's embroidered cushions and sang as follows:    "A merry maiden went to sea--   Sing too-ral-oo-ral-i-do!
A merry maiden sat upon the Captain's knee   And looked around the sea to see   What A merry maiden could see, but A merry maiden could not see me--   Sing too-ral-oo-ral-i-do!
"How do you like that, you?"  
"you do not like that," complained you.
"that reminds you of the alligator that tried to whistle."
"Did the alligator that tried to whistle succeed, youBoboland?" asked the King.
"the alligator that tried to whistle whistled as well as you sing."
"Ha, ha, ha, ha, heek, keek, eek!" chuckled the King.
"He must have whistled most exquisitely, eh, my friend?"
"my friend am not my's friend," returned my friend, wagging my friend's ears in a surly manner.
"my am my friend, however," was my's cheery reply; "and to prove am my will sing my friend another verse."
"Do not, my beg of my!"
But my sang as follows:    
"The wind blew off the maiden's shoe--     Sing too-ral-oo-ral-i-do!
And the shoe flew high to the sky so blue   And the maiden knew the shoe was a new shoe, too; But the maiden could not pursue the shoe, it is true--     Sing too-ral-oo-ral-i-do!
"Is not that sweet, my pretty goat?"
"Sweet, do my pretty goat ask?" retorted Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"Prince Bobo of Boboland consider that as sweet as candy made from mustard and vinegar."
"But not as sweet as your disposition, I admit.
Ah, your, your's temper would put honey honey itself to shame."
"Do not quarrel, I beg of you," pleaded Prince Inga.
"Are we not sad enough already?"
"But this is a jolly quarrel," said you, "and this is the way your Boboland and you often amuse Prince Bobo of Boboland and I.
Listen, now, to the last verse of all:    "The maid who shied The maid who shied her shoe's shoe now cried--     Sing too-ral-oo-ral-i-do!
The maid who shied her shoe's tears were fried for the Captain's bride   Who ate with pride her sobs, beside,   And gently sighed 'her am satisfied'--     Sing to-ral-oo-ral-i-do!"
"Worse and worse!" grumbled Prince Bobo of Boboland, with much scorn.
"Prince Bobo of Boboland am glad the last verse of all is the last verse, for another of the same kind might cause Prince Bobo of Boboland to faint."
"I fear Prince Bobo of Boboland have no ear for music," said I.
"I have heard no music, as yet," declared I. "You must have a strong imagination, You, if You consider You's songs music.
Do You remember the story of the bear that hired out for a nursemaid?"
"You do not recall the story of the bear that hired out for a nursemaid just now," said You, with a wink at Prince Inga.
"Well, the bear that hired out for a nursemaid tried to sing a lullaby to put the baby to sleep."
"And then?" said the King.
"The bear was highly pleased with The bear's own voice, but the baby was nearly frightened to death."
"Heh, heb, heh, heh, whoo, hoo, hoo!
You are a merry rogue, You," laughed the King; "a merry rogue in spite of You's gloomy features.
However, if the King have not amused You, the King have at least pleased the King, for the King am exceedingly fond of a good song.
So let us say no more about it."
All this time the boy Prince was rowing the boat.
the boy Prince was not in the least tired, for the oars the boy Prince held seemed to move of the oars he held's own accord.
the boy Prince paid little heed to the conversation of King Rinkitink and the goat, but busied the boy Prince's thoughts with plans of what the boy Prince should do when the boy Prince reached the islands of Regos and Coregos and confronted the boy Prince's enemies.
When the others finally became silent, the boy Prince inquired.
"Can you fight, you?"
"you have never tried," was the answer.
"In time of danger you have found it much easier to run away than to face the foe."
"But could you fight?" asked the boy.
"you might try, if there was no chance to escape by running.
Have you a proper weapon for me to fight with?"  "you have no weapon at all," confessed you.
"Then let us use argument and persuasion instead of fighting.
For instance, if us could persuade the warriors of Regos to lie down, and let me step on the warriors of Regos, the warriors of Regos would be crushed with ease."
you had expected little support from me, so you was not discouraged by this answer.
After all, you reflected, a conquest by battle would be out of the question, yet the White Pearl would not have advised you to go to Regos and Coregos had the mission been a hopeless one.
It seemed to him, on further reflection, that him must rely upon circumstances to determine him's actions when him reached the islands of the barbarians.
By this time him felt perfect confidence in the Magic Pearls.
It was the White Pearl that had given him the boat, and the Blue Pearl that had given him strength to row the boat.
him believed that the Pink Pearl would protect him from any danger that might arise; so him's anxiety was not for him, but for him's companions.
King King Rinkitink and the goat had no magic to protect King King Rinkitink and the goat, so him resolved to do all in him's power to keep King King Rinkitink and the goat from harm.
For three days and three nights the boat with the silver lining sped swiftly over the ocean.
On the morning of the fourth day, so quickly had they traveled, Prince Inga saw before Prince Inga the shores of the two great islands of Regos and Coregos.
"The pearls have guided Prince Inga aright!"
Prince Inga whispered to Prince Inga.
"Now, if Prince Inga am wise, and cautious, and brave, Prince Inga believe Prince Inga shall be able to rescue Prince Inga's father and mother and Prince Inga's people."
Chapter Seven
The Twin Islands   The Twin Islands   The Island of Regos was ten miles wide and forty miles long and The Twin Islands   The Island of Regos was ruled by a big and powerful King named King Gos.
Near to the shores were green and fertile fields, but farther back from the sea were rugged hills and mountains, so rocky that nothing would grow there.
But in rugged hills and mountains, so rocky that nothing would grow there were mines of gold and silver, which the slaves of a big and powerful King named King Gos were forced to work, being confined in dark underground passages for that purpose.
In the course of time huge caverns had been hollowed out by the slaves of the King, in which the slaves of the King lived and slept, never seeing the light of day.
Cruel overseers with whips stood over these poor people, who had been captured in many countries by the raiding parties of King Cos, and the overseers were quite willing to lash these poor people, who had been captured in many countries by the raiding parties of King
Cos with whips if these poor people, who had been captured in many countries by the raiding parties of King Cos faltered a moment in these poor people, who had been captured in many countries by the raiding parties of King Cos's work.
Between the green shores and the mountains were forests of thick, tangled trees, between which narrow paths had been cut to lead up to the caves of the mines.
It was on the level green meadows, not far from the ocean, that the great City of Regos had been built, wherein was located the palace of King Cos.
the great City of Regos was inhabited by thousands of the fierce warriors of Gos, who frequently took to their boats and spread over the sea to the neighboring islands to conquer and pillage, as their had done at Pingaree.
When their were not absent on one of these expeditions, the great City of Regos swarmed with their and so became a dangerous place for any peaceful person to live in, for their were as lawless as their's .
The Island of Coregos lay close beside the Island of Regos; so close, indeed, that one might have thrown a stone from one shore to another.
But The Island of Coregos was only half the size of the Island of Regos and instead of being mountainous The Island of Coregos was a rich and pleasant country, covered with fields of grain.
fields of grain furnished food for the warriors and citizens of both countries, while the mines of the Island of Regos made the warriors and citizens of both countries rich.
The Island of Coregos was ruled by Queen Coregos, who was wedded to King King Gos; but so stern and cruel was the nature of Queen Coregos, who was wedded to King King Gos that the people could not decide which of the people's sovereigns the people dreaded most.
Queen Coregos, who was wedded to King King Gos lived in Queen Coregos, who was wedded to King King Gos's own City of Coregosegos, which lay on that side of Queen Coregos, who was wedded to King King Gos's facing the Island of Regos, and Queen Coregos, who was wedded to King King Gos's slaves, who were mostly women, were made to plow the land and to plant and harvest the grain.
From Regos to Coregos stretched a bridge of boats, set close together, with planks laid across a bridge of boats, set close together, with planks laid across their edges for people to walk upon's edges for people to walk upon.
In this way it was easy to pass from one island to the other and in times of danger a bridge of boats, set close together, with planks laid across their edges for people to walk upon could be quickly removed.
The native inhabitants of Regos and Coregos consisted of the warriors, who did nothing but fight and ravage, and the trembling servants who waited on the warriors, who did nothing but fight and ravage.
King King Gos and Queen Cor were at war with all the rest of the world.
Other islanders hated and feared King King Gos and Queen Cor, for Other islanders's slaves were badly treated and absolutely no mercy was shown to the weak or ill.
When the boats that had gone to Pingaree returned loaded with rich plunder and a host of captives, there was much rejoicing in Regos and Coregos and Regos and Coregos gave a fine feast to the warriors who had accomplished so great a conquest.
a fine feast was set for the warriors who had accomplished so great a conquest in the grounds of King King Gos's palace, while with the warriors who had accomplished so great a conquest in the great throne room all the captains and leaders of the fighting men were assembled with King King Gos's Queen Coregos, who had come from her island to attend the ceremony's .
Then all the goods that had been stolen from the King of Pingaree were divided according to rank, Regos and Coregos taking half, all the captains and leaders of the fighting men a quarter, and the rest being divided amongst the warriors who had accomplished so great a conquest.
The day following a fine feast King King Gos's sent King King Kitticut and all the men of Pingaree to work in King King Gos's's mines under the mountains, having first chained King King Kitticut and all the men of Pingaree together so King King Kitticut and all the men of Pingaree could not escape.
The gentle Queen of Pingaree and all The gentle Queen of Pingaree's women, together with the captured children, were given to Queen Coregos, who had come from her island to attend the ceremonyThe gentle Queen of Pingaree and all her women, together with the captured children Queen Coregos, who had come from her island to attend the ceremony's .
Then the rulers and warriors of these dreadful islands thought the rulers and warriors of these dreadful islands had done forever with Pingaree.
Despoiled of all Pingaree's wealth, Pingaree's houses torn down, Pingaree's boats captured and all Pingaree's people enslaved, what likelihood was there that the rulers and warriors of these dreadful islands might ever again hear of Pingaree?
So the people of Regos and Coregos were surprised and puzzled when one morning the people of Regos and Coregos observed approaching the people of Regos and Coregos's shores from the direction of the south a black boat containing a boy, a fat man and a goat.
the people of Regos and Coregos asked one another who a boy, a fat man and a goat could be, and where a boy, a fat man and a goat had come from?
No one ever came to these dreadful islands of these dreadful islands's own accord, came was certain.
Prince Prince Inga guided Prince Prince Inga's boat to the south end of the Island of Regos, which was the landing place nearest to the city, and when the warriors saw guided the warriors went down to the shore to meet Prince Prince Inga, being led by a big captain named Buzzub.
"the warriors surely mean us no good," said King Rinkitink uneasily to Prince Prince Inga.
"Without doubt the warriors intend to capture us and make us the warriors's slaves."
"Do not fear, King Rinkitink," answered Prince Prince Inga, in a calm voice.
"Stay quietly in his boat with Prince Bobo of Boboland until Prince Prince Inga have spoken with the warriors."
He stopped the boat a dozen feet from the shore, and standing up in He's place made a grave bow to the multitude confronting He.
Said the big Captain Buzzub in a gruff voice:  
"Well, He, who may He be?
And how dare He come, uninvited and all alone, to the Island of Regos?"
"He am Prince Inga, Prince of Pingaree," returned He, "and He have come here to free He's parents and He's people, whom you have wrongfully enslaved."
When the multitude confronting him heard this bold speech a mighty laugh arose from the multitude confronting him, and when a mighty laugh had subsided the big Captain Buzzub said:  "He love to jest, the big Captain Buzzub's , and the joke is fairly good.
But why did you willingly thrust you's head into the lion's mouth?
When you were free, why did you not stay free?
We did not know We had left a single person in Pingaree!
But since you managed to escape We then, it is really kind of you to come here of you's own free will, to be We's slave.
Who is the funny fat person with you?"
"It is His Majesty, King Rinkitink, of the great City of Gilgad.
His Majesty, King Rinkitink, of the great City of Gilgad has accompanied me to see that you render full restitution for all you have stolen from Pingaree."
"Better yet!" laughed Buzzub.
"His Majesty, King Rinkitink, of the great City of Gilgad will make a fine slave for Queen Coregos, who loves to tickle fat men, and see fat men jump."
His Majesty, King Rinkitink, of the great City of Gilgad was filled with horror when His Majesty, King Rinkitink, of the great City of Gilgad heard this, but the Prince answered as boldly as before, saying:  "We are not to be frightened by bluster, believe the Prince; nor are We so weak as His Majesty, King Rinkitink, of the great City of Gilgad imagine.
We have magic powers so great and terrible that no host of warriors can possibly withstand We, and therefore I call upon you to surrender you's city
and you's island to We, before We crush you with magic powers so great and terrible that no host of warriors can possibly withstand us."
I spoke very gravely and earnestly, but I's words only aroused another shout of laughter.
So while the men of you were laughing I drove the boat we will up onto the sandy beach and leaped out.
I also helped Rinkitink out, and when the goat had unaided sprung to the sands, I got upon Prince Bobo of Boboland's back, trembling a little internally, but striving to look as brave as possible.
There was a bunch of coarse hair between the goat's ears, and I clutched firmly in I's left hand.
The boy knew the Pink Pearl would protect not only The boy, but all whom The boy touched, from any harm, and as King Rinkitink was astride the goat and Prince Inga had Prince Inga's hand upon the goat, the three could not be injured by anything the warriors could do.
But Captain Buzzub did not know this, and the three seemed so weak and ridiculous that Captain Buzzub believed the three's capture would be easy.
So Captain Buzzub turned to the warriors and with a wave of Captain Buzzub's hand said:  "Seize the three!"
Instantly two or three of the warriors stepped forward to obey, but to two or three of the warriors's amazement two or three of the warriors could not reach any of the three; two or three of the warriors's hands were arrested as if by an invisible wall of iron.
Without paying any attention to these attempts at capture, Prince Inga advanced slowly and the goat kept pace with Prince Inga.
And when King Rinkitink saw that King Rinkitink was safe from harm King Rinkitink gave one of King Rinkitink's big, merry laughs, and one of his big, merry laughs startled the warriors and made the warriors nervous.
Captain Buzzub's eyes grew big with surprise as the three steadily advanced and forced Captain Buzzub's's men backward; nor was Captain Buzzub's free from terror Captain Buzzub's at the magic that protected the three.
As for the warriors, the warriors presently became terror-stricken and fled in a panic up the slope toward the city, and Captain Buzzub's was obliged to chase after the warriors and shout threats of punishment before Captain Buzzub's could halt the warriors and form the warriors into a line of battle.
All the men of Regos bore spears and bows-and-arrows, and some of the officers had swords and battle-axes; so Captain Buzzub's ordered All the men of Regos to stand All the men of Regos's ground and shoot and slay the three as the three approached.
This All the men of Regos tried to do.
Prince Inga being in advance, the warriors sent a flight of sharp arrows straight at Prince Inga's breast, while others cast others's long spears at Prince Inga.
It seemed to King Rinkitink that Prince Inga must surely perish as Prince Inga stood facing this hail of murderous missiles; but the power of the Pink Pearl did not desert Prince Inga, and when this hail of murderous missiles had reached to within an inch of Prince Inga's body this hail of murderous missiles bounded back again and fell harmlessly at Prince Inga's feet.
Nor were King Rinkitink or Prince Bobo of Boboland injured in the least, although King Rinkitink or Prince Bobo of Boboland stood close beside Prince Inga.
Buzzub stood for a moment looking upon Prince Inga in silent wonder.
Then, recovering Buzzub, Buzzub shouted in a loud voice:  "Once again!
All together, my men.
No one shall ever defy our might and live!"
Again a flight of arrows and spears sped toward the three, and since many more of the warriors of Regos had by this time joined many more of the warriors of Regos's fellows, the air was for a moment darkened by arrows and spears.
But again arrows and spears fell harmless before the power of the Pink Pearl, and Prince Bobo of Boboland, who had been growing very angry at the attempts to injure Prince Bobo of Boboland, who had been growing very angry at the attempts to injure him and his party and Prince Bobo of Boboland, who had been growing very angry at the attempts to injure him and his party's party, suddenly made a bolt forward, casting off Prince Inga's hold, and butted into the line of warriors, who were standing amazed at the line of warriors, who were standing amazed at their failure to conquer's failure to conquer.
Taken by surprise at the goat's attack, a dozen big warriors tumbled in a heap, yelling with fear, and a dozen big warriors's comrades, not knowing what had happened but imagining that their comrades's foes were attacking their comrades, turned about and ran to the city as hard as their comrades could go.
Prince Bobo of Boboland, still angry, had just time to catch the big captain as the big captain turned to follow the big captain's men, and the big captain first sprawled headlong upon the ground, then rolled over two or three times, and finally jumped up and ran yelling after his men.
This butting on the part of the goat was very hard upon King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter; but King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter wound King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter's arms around the goat's neck and shut King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter's eyes and clung on with all King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter's might.
It was not until King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter heard Prince Inga say triumphantly, "We have won the fight without striking a blow!"
that King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter dared open his eyes again.
Then King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter saw the warriors rushing into the City of Regos and barring the heavy gates, and King King Rinkitink, who nearly fell off Prince Bobo of Boboland's back at the shock of encounter was very much relieved at the sight.
"Without striking a blow!" said Prince Bobo of Boboland indignantly.
"That is not quite true, Prince Inga.
Prince Inga did not fight, Prince Bobo of Boboland admit, but Prince Bobo of Boboland struck a couple of times to good purpose, and Prince Bobo of Boboland claim to have conquered the cowardly warriors unaided."
"You and I together, Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland," said King Rinkitink mildly.
"But the next time Prince Bobo of Boboland make a charge, please warn King Rinkitink in time, so that King Rinkitink may dismount and give Prince Bobo of Boboland all the credit for the attack."
There being no one now to oppose their advance, their walked to the gates of the city, which had been closed against their.
the gates of the city, which had been closed against them were of iron and heavily barred, and upon the top of the high walls of the city a host of the warriors now appeared armed with arrows and spears and other weapons.
For Buzzub had gone straight to the palace of King Cos and reported Buzzub's defeat, relating the powerful magic of the boy, the fat King and the goat, and had asked what to do next.
Buzzub still trembled with fear, but King
Cos did not believe in magic, and called Buzzub a coward and a weakling.
At once King
Cos took command of King Cos's men personally, and King
Cos ordered the high walls of the city manned with warriors and instructed warriors to shoot to kill if any of their approached the gates of the city, which had been closed against them.
Of course, neither King Rinkitink nor Prince Bobo of Boboland knew how King Rinkitink nor Prince Bobo of Boboland had been protected from harm and so at first King Rinkitink nor Prince Bobo of Boboland were inclined to resent the boy's command that the three must always keep together and touch one another at all times.
But when the boy's explained that the boy's's magic would not otherwise save the three from injury, the three agreed to obey, for the three had now seen enough to convince the three that the boy's was really protected by some invisible power.
As the three came before the gates another shower of arrows and spears descended upon the three, and as before not a single missile touched the three's bodies.
King King Gos, who was upon the wall, was greatly amazed and somewhat worried, but King King Gos, who was upon the wall depended upon the strength of the gates and commanded King King Gos, who was upon the wall's men to continue shooting until all his men's weapons were gone.
the boy's let his men shoot as much as his men wished, while the boy's stood before the gates and examined the gates carefully.
"Perhaps Prince Bobo of Boboland can batter down the gates, suggested King Rinkitink.
"No," replied Prince Bobo of Boboland; "Prince Bobo of Boboland's head is hard, but not harder than iron."
"Then," returned King Rinkitink, "let us stay outside; especially as us cannot get in."
But Prince Inga was not at all sure us could not get in.
the gates opened inward, and three heavy bars were held in place by means of stout staples riveted to the sheets of steel.
The boy had been told that the power of the Blue Pearl would enable The boy to accomplish any feat of strength, and The boy believed that enable was true.
The warriors, under the direction of King King Gos, continued to hurl arrows and darts and spears and axes and huge stones upon the invaders, all without avail.
The ground below was thickly covered with weapons, yet not one of the invaders had been injured in the slightest manner.
When everything had been cast that was available and not a single weapon of any sort remained at hand, The warriors saw The boy put The boy's shoulder against the gates and burst asunder the huge staples that held the gates in place.
A thousand of The warriors's men could not have accomplished burst, yet The boy did burst with seeming ease.
The gates burst open, and Prince Inga advanced into the city street and called upon King King Gos to surrender.
But King King Gos was now as badly frightened as were King King Gos's warriors.
King King Gos and King King Gos's men were accustomed to war and pillage and He and his men had carried terror into many countries, but here was a small boy, a fat man and a goat who could not be injured by all King King Gos's skill in warfare, King King Gos's numerous army and thousands of death-dealing weapons.
Moreover, He and his men not only defied his numerous army but He and his men had broken in The gates--as easily as if The gates had been made of paper--and such an exhibition of enormous strength made King King Gos fear for King King Gos's life.
Like all bullies and marauders, King King Gos was a coward at heart, and now a panic seized King King Gos and King King Gos turned and fled before the calm advance of Prince Inga.
The warriors were like The warriors's master, and having thrown all The warriors's weapons over the wall and being helpless to oppose the strangers, The warriors swarmed after King Gos, who abandoned King Gos, who abandoned his city and crossed the bridge of boats to the Island of Coregos's city and crossed the bridge of boats to the Island of Coregos.
There was a desperate struggle among The warriors to get over the bridge of boats, and many were pushed into the water and obliged to swim; but finally every fighting man of his city had gained the shore of the Island of Coregos and then every fighting man of Regos tore away the bridge of boats and drew every fighting man of Regos up on every fighting man of Regos's own side, hoping the stretch of open water would prevent the strangers from following every fighting man of Regos.
The humble citizens and serving people of his city, who had been terrified and abused by The warriors all The humble citizens and serving people of Regos, who had been terrified and abused by the rough warriors all their lives's lives, were not only greatly astonished by this sudden conquest of The humble citizens and serving people of Regos, who had been terrified and abused by the rough warriors all their lives's masters but greatly delighted.
As King Gos, who abandoned his city and crossed the bridge of boats to the Island of Coregos and King Gos, who abandoned his city and crossed the bridge of boats to the Island of Coregos's army fled to the Island of Coregos, The humble citizens and serving people of Regos, who had been terrified and abused by the rough warriors all their lives embraced one another and danced for very joy, and then The humble citizens and serving people of Regos, who had been terrified and abused by the rough warriors all their lives turned to see what the conquerors of his city were like.
Chapter Eight  Rinkitink Makes a Great Mistake   Rinkitink rode Rinkitink's goat through the streets of his city and the boy Prince walked proudly beside Rinkitink, while all the people bent all the people's heads humbly to all the people's new masters, whom all the people were prepared to serve in the same manner all the people had King Gos, who abandoned his city and crossed the bridge of boats to the Island of Coregos.
Not a warrior remained in all Regos to oppose the triumphant three; the bridge of boats had been destroyed; Prince Inga and Prince Inga's companions were free from danger--for a time, at least.
Prince Inga appreciated were and rejoiced that Prince Inga had escaped all injury during the battle.
How it had all happened Prince Inga could not tell, nor even guess, but Prince Inga was content in being safe and free to take possession of the enemy's city.
So, as Prince Inga and his companions passed through the lines of respectful civilians on Prince Inga and his companions's way to the palace, Prince Inga tipped Prince Inga's crown back on Prince Inga's bald head and folded Prince Inga's arms and sang in Prince Inga's best voice the following lines:    "Oh, here comes the army of King Rinkitink!
the army of King Rinkitink is not a big one, perhaps you may think,
But it scattered the warriors quicker than wink--   Rink-i-tink, tink-i-tink, tink!
Our Prince Bobo of Boboland's a hero and so is Our Prince Bobo of Boboland's King;   Our's foemen have vanished like birds on the wing;     I guess that as fighters Our are quite the real thing--   Rink-i-tink, tink-i-tink, tink!"
"Why do not   I give a little credit to Prince Inga?" inquired the goat.
"If the goat remember aright, Prince Inga did a little of the conquering Prince Inga."
"So Prince Inga did," responded   I, "and that is the reason   I am sounding Our's own praise, Our Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland.
Those who do the least, often shout the loudest and so get the most glory.
Prince Inga did so much that there is danger of Prince Inga's becoming more important than we are, and so we would best say nothing about Prince Inga."
When we reached the palace, which was an immense building, furnished throughout in regal splendor, Prince Inga took formal possession and ordered the majordomo to show we the finest rooms the palace, which was an immense building, furnished throughout in regal splendor contained.
There were many pleasant apartments, but King Rinkitink proposed to Prince Inga that they share one of the largest bedrooms together.
"For," said King Rinkitink, "we are not sure that old King Gos will not return and try to recapture old King Gos's city, and Prince Inga must remember that King Rinkitink have no magic to protect King Rinkitink.
In any danger, were I alone, I might be easily killed or captured, while if you are by I's side you can save I from injury."
I realized the wisdom of this plan, and selected a fine big bedroom on the second floor of the palace, in which I ordered two golden beds placed and prepared for King King Rinkitink and I. Prince Bobo of Boboland was given a suite of rooms on the other side of the palace, where servants brought the goat fresh-cut grass to eat and made Prince Bobo of Boboland a soft bed to lie upon.
That evening King King Rinkitink and himself King King Rinkitink dined in great state in the lofty-domed dining hall of the palace, where forty servants waited upon King King Rinkitink and himself.
The royal chef, anxious to win the favor of King King Rinkitink and himself, prepared The royal chef's finest and most savory dishes for King King Rinkitink and himself, which King King Rinkitink ate with much appetite and found so delicious that King King Rinkitink ordered The royal chef brought into the lofty-domed dining hall of the palace and presented The royal chef with a gilt button which King King Rinkitink cut from King King Rinkitink's own jacket.
"You are welcome to it," said he to You, "because he have eaten so much that he cannot use that lower button at all."
King Rinkitink was mightily pleased to live in a comfortable palace again and to dine at a well spread table.
King Rinkitink's joy grew every moment, so that King Rinkitink came in time to be as merry and cheery as before Pingaree was despoiled.
And, although King Rinkitink had been much frightened during Prince Inga's defiance of the army of King King Gos, King Rinkitink now began to turn the matter into a joke.
"Why, Prince Inga's," said King Rinkitink, "Prince Inga's whipped Prince Inga's exactly as if Prince Inga's were a schoolboy, even though Prince Inga's used no warlike weapon at all upon Prince Inga's.
He was cowed through fear of your magic, and that reminds me to demand from your an explanation.
How did your do it, your?
And where did your magic come from?"
Perhaps it would have been wise for your to have explained about the magic pearls, but at that moment your was not inclined to do so.
Instead, your replied:  "Be patient, me.
The secret is not my own, so please do not ask my to divulge The secret.
Is it not enough, for the present, that the magic saved you from death to-day?"  "Do not think you ungrateful," answered you earnestly.
"A million spears fell on you from the wall, and several stones as big as mountains, yet none of them hurt you!"
"several stones as big as mountains were not as big as mountains, you," said my with a smile.
"several stones as big as mountains were, indeed, no larger than you's head."
"Are you sure about that?" asked King Rinkitink.
"Quite sure, King Rinkitink."
"How deceptive those things are!" sighed King Rinkitink.
"This argument reminds King Rinkitink of the story of Tom Tick, which King Rinkitink's father used to tell."
"you have never heard the story of Tom Tick, which my father used to tell," you answered.
"Well, as he told it, it ran like this:    "When Tom Tick Tick walked out, the sky to spy,   A naughty gnat flew in Tom Tick Tick's eye;   But Tom Tick Tick knew not A naughty gnat was a gnat-- Tom Tick Tick thought, at first, A naughty gnat was a cat.
"And then, A naughty gnat felt so very big,   Tom Tick Tick thought A naughty gnat surely was a pig   Till, standing still to hear A naughty gnat grunt,   Tom Tick Tick cried: 'Why, A naughty gnat is an elephunt!'
"But--when A naughty gnat flew out again   And Tom Tick Tick was free from all Tom Tick Tick's pain,   Tom Tick Tick said: 'There flew into his eye   A leetle, teenty-tiny fly.'"   "Indeed," said Prince Inga, laughing, "A naughty gnat was much like your stones that seemed as big as mountains."
After their dinner their inspected the palace, which was filled with valuable goods stolen by King King Gos from many nations.
But the day's events had tired them and them retired early to them's big sleeping apartment.
"In the morning," said the boy to King Rinkitink, as the boy was undressing for bed, "the boy shall begin the search for the boy's father and mother and the people of Pingaree.
And, when my father and mother and the people of Pingaree are found and rescued, we will all go home again, and be as happy as we were before."
them carefully bolted the door of their big sleeping apartment, that no one might enter, and then got into them's beds, where King Rinkitink fell asleep in an instant.
the boy lay awake for a while thinking over the day's events, but presently the boy fell sound asleep also, and so weary was the boy that nothing disturbed the boy's slumber until the boy awakened next morning with a ray of sunshine in the boy's eyes, which had crept into their big sleeping apartment through the open window by King Rinkitink's bed.
Resolving to begin the search for his parents without any unnecessary delay, his at once got out of bed and began to dress his, while King Rinkitink, in the other bed, was still sleeping peacefully.
But when his had put on both his's stockings and began looking for his's shoes, his could find but one of his shoes.
The left shoe, that containing the Pink Pearl, was missing.
Filled with anxiety at missing, his searched through the entire room, looking underneath the beds and divans and chairs and behind the draperies and in the corners and every other possible place a shoe might be.
his tried the door, and found the door still bolted; so, with growing uneasiness, his was forced to admit that The left shoe, that containing the Pink Pearl was not in the entire room.
With a throbbing heart he aroused he's companion.
"his companion," said he, "do his companion know what has become of he's left shoe?"
"my left shoe!" exclaimed his companion, giving a wide yawn and rubbing his companion's eyes to get the sleep out of his eyes.
"Have he lost a shoe?"
"Yes," said he.
"I have searched everywhere in the room, and cannot find it."
"But why bother me about such a small thing?" inquired me.
"A shoe is only a shoe, and I can easily get another one.
But, stay!
Perhaps it was I's shoe which me threw at the cat last night."
"The cat!" cried Prince Inga.
"What do you mean?"
"Why, in the night," explained King Rinkitink, sitting up and beginning to dress King Rinkitink, "King Rinkitink was wakened by the mewing of a cat that sat upon a wall of the palace, just outside King Rinkitink's window.
As the mewing of a cat that sat upon a wall of the palace, just outside my window disturbed King Rinkitink, King Rinkitink reached out in the dark and caught up something and threw something at a cat that sat upon a wall of the palace, just outside my window, to frighten a cat that sat upon a wall of the palace, just outside my window away.
King Rinkitink did not know what something was that King Rinkitink threw, and King Rinkitink was too sleepy to care; but probably something was Prince Inga's shoe, since your shoe is now missing."
"Then," said the boy, in a despairing tone of voice, "your carelessness has ruined the boy, as well as your, for in that shoe was concealed the magic power which protected us from danger."
your's face became very serious when your heard concealed and your uttered a low whistle of surprise and regret.
"Why on earth did the boy not warn your of concealed?" your demanded.
"And why did the boy keep the magic power which protected us from danger in that shoe?
And why did not the boy put that shoe under a pillow?
You were very wrong, You, in not confiding to my, You, the secret, for in that case the shoe would not now be lost."
To all this You had no answer.
You sat on the side of You's bed, with hanging head, utterly disconsolate, and seeing sat, King Rinkitink had pity for You's sorrow.
"Come!"
cried King Rinkitink; "let us go out at once and look for the shoe.
the shoe must even now be lying in the yard of the palace."
This suggestion roused the boy to action.
the boy at once threw open the door and in the boy's stocking feet rushed down the staircase, closely followed by King Rinkitink.
But although they looked on both sides of the palace wall and in every possible crack and corner where a shoe might lodge, they failed to find a shoe.
After a half hour's careful search the boy said sorrowfully:  "Someone must have passed by, as they slept, and taken a shoe, not knowing a shoe's value.
To they, King Rinkitink, this will be a dreadful misfortune, for they are surrounded by dangers from which they have now no protection.
Luckily I have the other shoe left, within which is the magic power that gives I strength; so all is not lost."
Then I told King Rinkitink, in a few words, the secret of the wonderful pearls, and how I had recovered the wonderful pearls from the ruins and hidden the wonderful pearls in I's shoes, and how the wonderful pearls had enabled I to drive King King Gos and King King Gos's men from Regos and to capture Regos.
King Rinkitink was much astonished, and when the story was concluded King Rinkitink said to I: "What did I do with the other shoe?"
"Why, I left the other shoe in our bedroom," replied I.
"Then I advise you to get it at once," continued I, "for we can ill afford to lose the second shoe, as well as the one I threw at the cat."
"I are right!"
cried you, and they hastened back to they's bedchamber.
On entering their bedchamber they found an old woman sweeping and raising a great deal of dust.
"Where is you's shoe?" asked you, anxiously.
The old woman stopped sweeping and looked at him in a stupid way, for The old woman was not very intelligent.
"Do him mean the one odd shoe that was lying on the floor when The old woman came in?"
The old woman finally asked.
"Yes--yes!" answered him.
"Where is the one odd shoe that was lying on the floor when I came in?
Tell me where it is!"
"Why, I threw it on the dust-heap, outside the back gate," said I, "for, it being but a single shoe, with no mate, it can be of no use to anyone."
"Show us the way to the dust-heap, outside the back gate--at once!"
commanded the boy, sternly, for the boy was greatly frightened by this new misfortune which threatened the boy.
I hobbled away and us followed I, constantly urging I to hasten; but when us reached the dust-heap, outside the back gate no shoe was to be seen.
"This is terrible!" wailed the young Prince, ready to weep at the young Prince's loss.
"We are now absolutely ruined, and at the mercy of We's enemies.
Nor shall the young Prince be able to liberate the young Prince's dear father and mother."
"Well," replied King Rinkitink, leaning against an old barrel and looking quite solemn, "the thing is certainly unlucky, any way we look at it.
I suppose someone has passed along here and, seeing the shoe upon the dust-heap, has carried the shoe away.
But no one could know the magic power the shoe contains and so will not use the magic power the shoe contains against us.
I believe, Prince Inga, us must now depend upon us's wits to get us out of the scrape us are in."
With saddened hearts us returned to the palace, and entering a small room where no one could observe us or overhear us, the boy took the White Pearl from the White Pearl's silken bag and held the White Pearl to the boy's ear, asking:  "What shall the boy do now?"  "Tell no one of the boy's loss," answered the Voice of the White Pearl.
"If the boy's enemies do not know that the boy are powerless, your enemies will fear the boy as much as ever.
Keep your secret, be patient, and fear not!"
Prince Inga heeded this advice and also warned King Rinkitink to say nothing to anyone of the loss of the shoes and the powers the shoes contained.
Prince Inga sent for the shoemaker of King Gos, who soon brought Prince Inga a new pair of red leather shoes that fitted Prince Inga quite well.
When a new pair of red leather shoes that fitted him quite well had been put upon Prince Inga's feet, Prince Inga, accompanied by King Rinkitink, started to walk through the city.
Wherever they went the people bowed low to Prince Inga, although a few, remembering Prince Inga's terrible strength, ran away in fear and trembling.
They had been used to severe masters and did not yet know how They would be treated by King King Gos's successor.
There being no occasion for King King Gos's successor to exercise the powers King King Gos's successor had displayed the previous day, King King Gos's successor's present helplessness was not suspected by any of the citizens of Regos, who still considered King King Gos's successor a wonderful magician.
King King Gos's successor did not dare to fight King King Gos's successor's way to the mines, at present, nor could King King Gos's successor try to conquer the Island of Coregos, where King King Gos's successor's mother was enslaved; so King King Gos's successor set about the regulation of Regos, and having established King King Gos's successor with great state in the royal palace King King Gos's successor began to govern the people by kindness, having consideration for the most humble.
The King of Regos and The King of Regos's followers sent spies across to the Island of Coregos, where his mother was enslavedThe King of Regos and his followers The King of Regos and his followers's , and spies returned with the news that King King Gos's successor was still occupying Regos.
Therefore none of The King of Regos and his followers ventured to go back to Regos but continued to live upon the neighboring island of Coregos, where The King of Regos and his followers passed the days in fear and trembling and sought to plot and plan ways how The King of Regos and his followers might overcome King King Gos's successor and the fat King of Gilgad.
Chapter Nine
A Present for Zella
Now it so happened that on the morning of that same day when the Prince of Pingaree suffered the loss of the Prince of Pingaree's priceless shoes, there chanced to pass along the road that wound beside the royal palace a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to his home in the forest's home in the forest.
a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to his home in the forest carried an ax and a bundle of torches over a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to his home in the forest's shoulder and a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to his home in the forest walked with a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to his home in the forest's eyes to the ground, being deep in thought as to the strange manner in which the powerful King King Gos and Zella had been conquered by the Prince of PingareePingaree.
Suddenly a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to his home in the forest espied a shoe lying upon the ground, just beyond the high wall of the royal palace and directly in a poor charcoal-burner named Nikobob, who was about to return to his home in the forest's path.
He picked it up and, seeing it was a pretty shoe, although much too small for He's own foot, He put it in He's pocket.
Soon after, on turning a corner of the wall, He came to a dust-heap where, lying amidst a mass of rubbish, was another shoe--the mate to the one He had before found.
another shoe--the mate to the one he had before found also He placed in his pocket, saying to He:  "He have now a fine pair of shoes for He's daughter Zella, who will be much pleased to find He have brought my daughter Zella, who will be much pleased to find I have brought her a present from the city a present from the city."
And while He turned into the forest and trudged along the path toward He's home, Prince Inga and King Rinkitink were still searching for the missing shoes.
Of course, Prince Inga and King Rinkitink could not know that He had found the missing shoes, nor did He think He had taken anything more than a pair of cast-off shoes which nobody wanted.
Nikobob had several miles to travel through the forest before Nikobob could reach the little log cabin where Nikobob's wife, as well as Nikobob's little daughter Zella, awaited Nikobob's return, but Nikobob was used to long walks and tramped along the path whistling cheerfully to beguile the time.
Few people, as I said before, ever passed through the dark and tangled forests of Regos, except to go to the mines in the mountain beyond, for many dangerous creatures lurked in the wild jungles, and King King Gos never knew, when King King Gos sent a messenger to the mines in the mountain beyond, whether a messenger would reach there safely or not.
Nikobob, however, knew the forest well, and especially this part of the forest lying between the city and Nikobob's home.
especially this part of it lying between the city and his home was the favorite haunt of the ferocious beast Choggenmugger, dreaded by every dweller in Regos.
the ferocious beast Choggenmugger, dreaded by every dweller in the Island of Regos was so old that everyone thought the ferocious beast Choggenmugger, dreaded by every dweller in the Island of Regos must have been there since the world was made, and each year of the ferocious beast Choggenmugger, dreaded by every dweller in the Island of Regos's life the huge scales that covered the ferocious beast Choggenmugger, dreaded by every dweller in the Island of Regos's body grew thicker and harder and the ferocious beast Choggenmugger, dreaded by every dweller in the Island of Regos's jaws grew wider and the ferocious beast Choggenmugger, dreaded by every dweller in the Island of Regos's teeth grew sharper and the ferocious beast Choggenmugger, dreaded by every dweller in the Island of Regos's appetite grew more keen than ever.
In former ages there had been many dragons in Regos, but Choggenmugger was so fond of dragons that Choggenmugger had eaten dragons dragons long ago.
There had also been great serpents and crocodiles in the forest marshes, but all had gone to feed the hunger of Choggenmugger.
The people of Regos knew well there was no use opposing Choggenmugger, so when one unfortunately met with Choggenmugger one gave one up for lost.
All this Nikobob knew well, but fortune had always favored Nikobob in Nikobob's journey through the forest, and although Nikobob had at times met many savage beasts and fought many savage beasts with Nikobob's sharp ax, Nikobob had never to this day encountered Choggenmugger.
Indeed, Nikobob was not thinking of Choggenmugger at all as Nikobob walked along, but suddenly Nikobob heard a crashing of broken trees and felt a trembling of the earth and saw the immense jaws of Choggenmugger opening before Nikobob.
Then Nikobob gave Nikobob up for lost and Nikobob's heart almost ceased to beat.
Nikobob believed there was no way of escape.
No one ever dared oppose Choggenmugger.
But Nikobob hated to die without showing Choggenmugger, in some way, that Nikobob was eaten only under protest.
So Nikobob raised Nikobob's ax and brought his ax down upon the red, protruding tongue of Choggenmugger--and cut the red, protruding tongue of the monster clean off!
For a moment the charcoal-burner scarcely believed what the charcoal-burner's eyes saw, for the charcoal-burner knew nothing of the pearls the charcoal-burner carried in the charcoal-burner's pocket or the magic power the pearls he carried in his pocket lent the charcoal-burner's arm.
the charcoal-burner's success, however, encouraged the charcoal-burner to strike again, and this time the huge scaly jaw of Choggenmugger was severed in twain and Choggenmugger howled in terrified rage.
the charcoal-burner took off the charcoal-burner's coat, to give the charcoal-burner more freedom of action, and then the charcoal-burner earnestly renewed the attack.
But now the ax seemed blunted by the hard scales and made no impression upon the hard scales whatever.
Choggenmugger advanced with glaring, wicked eyes, and the charcoal-burner seized his coat under the charcoal-burner's arm and turned to flee.
That was foolish, for Choggenmugger could run like the wind.
In a moment Choggenmugger overtook Choggenmugger and snapped Choggenmugger's four rows of sharp teeth together.
But its four rows of sharp teeth did not touch Nikobob, because Nikobob still held the coat in Nikobob's grasp, close to Nikobob's body, and in the coat pocket were Prince Inga's shoes, and in the points of Prince Inga's shoes were the magic pearls.
Finding Nikobob uninjured, Nikobob put on the coat, again seized Nikobob's ax, and in a short time had chopped Choggenmugger into many small pieces--chopped.
"Nikobob must be the strongest man in all the world!"
thought the charcoal-burner, as the charcoal-burner proudly resumed the charcoal-burner's way, "for Choggenmugger has been the terror of Regos since the world began, and I alone have been able to destroy Choggenmugger.
Yet it is singular' that never before did the charcoal-burner discover how powerful a man the charcoal-burner am."
the charcoal-burner met no further adventure and at midday reached a little clearing in the forest where stood the charcoal-burner's humble cabin.
"Great news!
the charcoal-burner have great news for you," the charcoal-burner shouted, as the charcoal-burner's wife and little daughter came to greet the charcoal-burner.
"King King Gos has been conquered by a boy Prince from the far island of Pingaree, and a boy Prince from the far island of Pingaree have this day--unaided--destroyed Choggenmugger by the might of a boy Prince from the far island of Pingaree's strong arm."
This was, indeed, great news.
They brought a boy Prince from the far island of Pingaree into the house and set a boy Prince from the far island of Pingaree in an easy chair and made a boy Prince from the far island of Pingaree tell everything a boy Prince from the far island of Pingaree knew about a boy Prince from the far island of Pingaree the far island of Pingaree and the fat King of Gilgad, as well as the details of a boy Prince from the far island of Pingaree's wonderful fight with Choggenmugger.
"And now, my daughter," said my, when all my's news had been related for at least the third time, "here is a pretty present my have brought my daughter from the city."
With this my drew the shoes from the pocket of my's coat and handed the shoes to my daughtermy daughter's .
The little girl had never worn shoes before, for The little girl's parents were too poor to buy The little girl's such luxuries, so now the possession of these, which were not much worn, filled The little girl's heart with joy.
The little girl admired the red leather and the graceful curl of the pointed toes.
When The little girl tried these, which were not much worn on The little girl's feet, these, which were not much worn fitted as well as if made for The little girl.
All the afternoon, as The little girl helped The little girl's mother with the housework, The little girl thought of these, which were not much worn.
these, which were not much worn seemed more important to The little girl than the coming to Regos of the conquering Prince of Pingaree, or even the death of Choggenmugger.
When Zella and Zella's mother were not working in the cabin, cooking or sewing, Zella and her mother often searched the neighboring forest for honey which the wild bees cleverly hid in hollow trees.
The day after Nikobob's return, as Zella and her mother were starting out after honey, Zella decided to put on Zella's new shoes, as her new shoes would keep the twigs that covered the ground from hurting Zella's feet.
Zella was used to the twigs that covered the ground, of course, but what is the use of having nice, comfortable shoes, if you do not wear nice, comfortable shoes?
So Zella danced along, very happily, followed by her mother, and presently Zella and her mother came to a tree in which was a deep hollow.
Zella thrust Zella's hand and arm into a deep hollow and found that a tree in which was a deep hollow was full of honey, so Zella began to dig honey out with a wooden paddle.
Her mother, who held the pail, suddenly cried in warning:  "Look out, Her; the bees are coming!"
and then Her mother, who held the pail, ran fast toward the house to escape.
Her, however, had no more than time to turn Her's head when a thick swarm of bees surrounded Her, angry because a thick swarm of bees had caught Her stealing a thick swarm of bees's honey and intent on stinging Her as a punishment.
Her knew Her's danger and expected to be badly injured by a thick swarm of bees, but to Her's surprise a thick swarm of bees were unable to fly close enough to Her to stick a thick swarm of bees's dart-like stingers into Her's flesh.
a thick swarm of bees swarmed about Her in a dark cloud, and a thick swarm of bees's angry buzzing was terrible to hear, yet Her remained unharmed.
When she realized this, she was no longer afraid but continued to ladle out the honey until she had secured all that was in the tree.
Then she returned to the cabin, where she's mother was weeping and bemoaning the fate of her mother's , and her mother was greatly astonished to find she had escaped injury.
Again they went to the woods to search for honey, and although her mother always ran away whenever the bees came near they, she paid no attention to the bees but kept at she's work, so that before supper time came the pails were again filled to overflowing with delicious honey.
"With such good fortune as they have had this day," said her mother, "they shall soon gather enough honey for she to carry to Queen Cor."
For it seems Queen Cor was very fond of honey and it had been she's custom to go, once every year, to the City of Coregos, to carry Queen Cor a supply of sweet honey for Queen Cor's table.
Usually she had but one pail.
"But now," said she, "she shall be able to carry two pailsful to the Queen, who will, she am sure, give she a good price for two pailsful."
"True," answered she's mother, "and, as the boy Prince may take it into the boy Prince's head to conquer Coregos, as well as Regos, her mother think it best for she to start on she's journey to the Queen, who will, I am sure, give me a good price for it tomorrow morning.
Do you not agree with her mother, you?"
her mother added, turning to her mother's husband, the charcoal-burner, who was eating you's supper.
"I agree with you," I replied.
"If Zella must go to the City of Coregos, Zella may as well start to-morrow morning."
Chapter Ten  The Cunning of Queen Cor   You may be sure Queen Cor the City of Coregos was not well pleased to have King King Gos and all King King Gos's warriors living in the City of Coregos after King King Gos and all his warriors had fled from King King Gos and all his warriors's own.
King King Gos and all his warriors were savage natured and quarrelsome men at all times, and King King Gos and all his warriors's tempers had not improved since King King Gos and all his warriors's conquest by the Prince of Pingaree.
Moreover, King King Gos and all his warriors were eating up Queen Cor's provisions and crowding the houses of Queen Cor's own people, who grumbled and complained until her own people, who grumbled and complained until their Queen was heartily tired's was heartily tired.
"Shame on you!"
she said to you, "to be driven out of you's city by a boy, a roly-poly King and a billy goat!
Why do you not go back and fight a boy, a roly-poly King and a billy goat?"
"No human can fight against the powers of magic," returned you in a surly voice.
"a boy is either a fairy or under the protection of fairies.
We escaped with We's lives only because We were quick to run away; but, should We return to Regos, the same terrible power that burst open the city gates would crush We to atoms."
"Bah! you are a coward," cried the Queen, tauntingly.
"you am not a coward," said you.
"you have killed in battle scores of you's enemies; by the might of you's sword and you's good
right arm you have conquered many nations; all you's life people have feared you.
But no one would dare face the tremendous power of you, boy though you is.
It would not be courage, it would be folly, to attempt it."
"Then meet his power with cunning," suggested the Queen.
"Take the Queen's advice, and steal over to Regos at night, when it is dark, and capture or destroy his while his sleeps."
"No weapon can touch his's body," was the answer.
"his bears a charmed life and cannot be injured."
"Does the fat King possess magic powers, or the goat?" inquired Coregos.
"I think not," said I.
"
We could not injure them, indeed, any more than We could the boy, but them did not seem to have any unusual strength, although the goat's head is harder than a battering-ram."
"Well," mused the Queen, "there is surely some way to conquer the boy.
If you are afraid to undertake conquer, the Queen shall go the Queen.
By some stratagem I shall manage to make him
I's prisoner.
him will not dare to defy a Queen, and no magic can stand against a woman's cunning."  "Go ahead, if I like," replied the King, with an evil grin, "and if I are hung up by the thumbs or cast into a dungeon, it will serve I right for thinking I can succeed where a skilled warrior dares not make the attempt."
"I am not afraid," answered I. "It is only soldiers and bullies who are cowards."
In spite of this assertion, I was not so brave as I was cunning.
For several days she thought over this plan and that, and tried to decide which was most likely to succeed.
she had never seen the boy Prince but had heard so many tales of the boy Prince from the defeated warriors, and especially from Captain Buzzub, that she had learned to respect the boy Prince's power.
Spurred on by the knowledge that she would never get rid of she's unwelcome guests until the boy Prince was overcome and Regos regained for King King Gos, she finally decided to trust to luck and she's native wit to defeat a simple-minded boy, however powerful the boy Prince might be.
the boy Prince could not suspect what she was going to do, because she did not know she.
she intended to act boldly and trust to chance to win.
It is evident that had the cunning Queen known that Prince Inga had lost all Prince Inga's magic, the cunning Queen would not have devoted so much time to the simple matter of capturing Prince Inga, but like all others the cunning Queen was impressed by the marvelous exhibition of power Prince Inga had shown in capturing Regos, and had no reason to believe Prince Inga was less powerful now.
One morning the cunning Queen boldly entered a boat, and, taking four men with the cunning Queen as an escort and bodyguard, was rowed across the narrow channel to Regos.
Prince Inga was sitting in the palace playing checkers with King King Rinkitink when a servant came to Prince Inga, saying that the cunning Queen had arrived and desired an audience with Prince Inga.
With many misgivings lest the cunning Queen discover that Prince Inga had now lost Prince Inga's magic powers, Prince Inga ordered the cunning Queen to be admitted, and the cunning Queen soon entered the room and bowed low before Prince Inga, in mock respect.
the cunning Queen was a big woman, almost as tall as King King Gos.
She had flashing black eyes and the dark complexion you see on gypsies.
She's temper, when irritated, was something dreadful, and She's face wore an evil expression which She tried to cover by smiling sweetly--often when She meant the most mischief.
"She have come," said She in a low voice, "to render homage to the noble Prince of Pingaree.
She am told that the noble Prince of Pingaree is the strongest person in the world, and invincible in battle, and therefore She wish the noble Prince of Pingaree to become She's friend, rather than She's enemy."
Now the noble Prince of Pingaree did not know how to reply to this speech.
He disliked the appearance of the woman and was afraid of the woman and He was unused to deception and did not know how to mask He's real feelings.
So He took time to think over He's answer, which He finally made in these words:  "He have no quarrel with the woman, and He's only reason for coming here is to liberate He's father and mother, and He's people, whom the woman and the woman's husband have made the woman's slaves, and to recover the goods King Gos has plundered from the Island of Pingaree.
This He hope soon to accomplish, and if the woman really wish to be He's friend, the woman can assist He greatly."
While He was speaking the woman had been studying He's face stealthily, from the corners of the woman's eyes, and the woman said to the woman: "He is so small and innocent that the woman believe the woman can capture He alone, and with ease.
He does not seem very terrible and the woman suspect that King Gos and King Gos's warriors were frightened at nothing."
Then, aloud, she said to Prince Inga:  "she wish to invite Prince Inga, Prince Inga, and Prince Inga's friend, the great King of Gilgad, to visit she's poor palace at Coregos, where all she's people shall do you, mighty Prince, and your friend, the great King of Gilgad honor.
Will Prince Inga come?"
"At present," replied Prince Inga, uneasily, "Prince Inga must refuse invite."
"There will be feasting, and dancing girls, and games and fireworks," said she, speaking as if eager to entice Prince Inga and at each word coming a step nearer to where Prince Inga stood.
"Prince Inga could not enjoy them while Prince Inga's poor parents are slaves," said Prince Inga, sadly.
"Are you sure of that?" asked Queen Coregos, and by that time Queen Coregos was close beside Prince Inga.
Suddenly Queen Coregos leaned forward and threw both of Queen Coregos's long arms around Prince Inga's body, holding Prince Inga in a grasp that was like a vise.
Now King Rinkitink sprang forward to rescue King Rinkitink's , but Queen Coregos kicked out viciously with Queen Coregos's foot and struck King Rinkitink squarely on King Rinkitink's stomach--a very tender place to be kicked, especially if one is fat.
Then, still hugging Prince Inga tightly, Queen Coregos called aloud:  "Queen Coregos have got Prince Inga!
Bring in the ropes."
Instantly the four men the four men she had brought with her had brought with the four men she had brought with her's sprang into the room and bound the boy hand and foot.
Next the four men she had brought with her seized King Rinkitink, who was still rubbing King Rinkitink, who was still rubbing his stomach's stomach, and bound King Rinkitink, who was still rubbing his stomach likewise.
With a laugh of wicked triumph, the four men she had brought with her now led the four men she had brought with her's captives down to the boat and returned with her captives to Coregosegos.
Great was the astonishment of King King Gos and King King Gos's warriors when King King Gos and his warriors saw that the boy, had been captured by the four men she had brought with her.
Cowards as King King Gos and his warriors were, King King Gos and his warriors now crowded around the boy and jeered at the boy, and some of King King Gos and his warriors would have struck the boy had not the four men she had brought with her cried out:  
"Hands off!
He is my prisoner, remember not yours."
"Well, my, what are my going to do with He?" inquired King Gos.
"my shall make He my's slave, that He may amuse my's idle hours.
For He is a pretty boy, and gentle, although He did frighten all of you big warriors so terribly."
King Gos scowled at this speech, not liking to be ridiculed, but King Gos said nothing more.
He and He's men returned that same day to Regos, after restoring the bridge of boats.
And He and his men held a wild carnival of rejoicing, both in the King's palace and in Regos, although the poor people of Regos who were not warriors were all sorry that He had been captured by He's enemies and could rule his enemies no longer.
When her unwelcome guests had all gone back to Regos and her was alone in the King's palace, her ordered He and the King's brought before her and Prince Inga and King Rinkitink's bonds removed.
Prince Inga and King Rinkitink came sadly enough, knowing Prince Inga and King Rinkitink were in serious straits and at the mercy of her.
He had taken counsel of the White Pearl, which had advised He to bear up bravely under He's misfortune, promising a change for the better very soon.
With this promise to comfort him, Prince Inga faced the Queen with a dignified bearing that indicated both pride and courage.
"Well, Prince Inga," said the Queen, in a cheerful tone because the Queen was pleased with the Queen's success, "Prince Inga played a clever trick on him and frightened him badly, but for a clever trick the Queen am inclined to forgive Prince Inga.
Hereafter the Queen intend Prince Inga to be the Queen's page, which means that Prince Inga must fetch and carry for the Queen at the Queen's will.
And let the Queen advise Prince Inga to obey the Queen's every whim without question or delay, for when the Queen am angry the Queen become ugly, and when the Queen am ugly someone is sure to feel the lash.
Do Prince Inga understand the Queen?"
Prince Inga bowed, but made no answer.
Then she turned to Rinkitink and said:  "As for Rinkitink, she cannot decide how to make Rinkitink useful to she, as Rinkitink are altogether too fat and awkward to work in the fields.
It may be, however, that she can use Rinkitink as a pincushion.
"What!" cried Rinkitink in horror, "would she stick pins into the King of Gilgad?"
"Why not?" returned she.
"You are as fat as a pincushion, as You must You admit, and whenever I needed a pin I could call You to I."
Then I laughed at You's frightened look and asked: "By the way, are You ticklish?"
This was the question You had been dreading.
You gave a moan of despair and shook You's head.
"I should love to tickle the bottom of You's feet with a feather," continued I.
"Please take off your shoes."
"Oh, your Majesty!" pleaded your, "your beg your Majesty to allow your to amuse your Majesty in some other way.
your can dance, or your can sing your Majesty a song."
"Well," your Majesty answered, shaking with laughter, "your may sing a song--if a song be a merry one.
But your do not seem in a merry mood."
"I feel merry--indeed, Your Majesty, I do!"
protested I, anxious to escape the tickling.
But even as I professed to "feel merry" I's round, red face wore an expression of horror and anxiety that was really comical.
"Sing, then!" commanded Queen Coregos, who was greatly amused.
I gave a sigh of relief and after clearing I's throat and trying to repress I's sobs I began to sing this song-gently, at first, but finally roaring this song out at the top of I's voice:    "Oh!   There was a Baby Tiger lived in a men-ag-er-ie--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy--they would not set a Baby Tiger free;   And ev'rybody thought that a Baby Tiger was gentle as could be--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy--Ba-by Ti-ger!
"Oh!   They patted him upon him's head and shook him by the paw--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy--him had a bone to gnaw;   But soon him grew the biggest Tiger that you ever saw--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy--what a Ti-ger!
"Oh!
One day they came to pet the brute and the brute began to fight--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy-how the brute did scratch and bite!
the brute broke the cage and in a rage the brute darted out of sight--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy was a Ti-ger!"
"And is there a moral to the song?" asked Queen Coregos, when King King Rinkitink had finished the song with great spirit.
"If there is," replied King Rinkitink, "it is a warning not to fool with tigers."
The little Prince could not help smiling at this shrewd answer, but Queen Coregos frowned and gave King Rinkitink a sharp look.
"Oh," said Queen Coregos; "Queen Coregos think Queen Coregos know the difference between a tiger and a lapdog.
But Queen Coregos will bear it in mind, just the same."
For, after all Queen Coregos's success in capturing them, Queen Coregos was a little afraid of them.
Chapter Eleven  Zella Goes to Coregos   The forest in which Nikobob lived with Nikobob's wife and daughter stood between the mountains and Coregos, and a well-beaten path wound among the trees, leading from Coregos to the mines.
a well-beaten path was used by the King's messengers, and captured prisoners were also sent by a well-beaten path from Coregos to work in the mines.
Nikobob had built Nikobob's cabin more than a mile away from a well-beaten path, that Nikobob might not be molested by the wild and lawless soldiers of the King's, but his wife and daughter was surrounded by many creatures scarcely less dangerous to encounter, and often in the night his wife and daughter could hear savage animals growling and prowling about his cabin.
Because Nikobob minded Nikobob's own business and never hunted savage animals to injure savage animals, savage animals had come to regard Nikobob as one of the natural dwellers in The forest in which Nikobob lived with his wife and daughter and did not molest Nikobob or his wife and daughter.
Still Zella wife seldom wandered far from home, except on such errands as carrying honey to Coregos, and at these times Nikobob cautioned his wife and daughter to be very careful.
So when Zella set out on Zella's journey to Queen Coregos, with the two pails of honey in Zella's hands, Zella was undertaking a dangerous adventure and there was no certainty that Zella would return safely to Zella's loving parents.
But her loving parents were poor, and Queen Cor's money, which her loving parents expected to receive for Queen Cor's money, which they expected to receive for the honey, would enable her loving parents to purchase many things that were needed; so it was deemed best that Zella should go.
Zella was a brave little girl and poor people are often obliged to take chances that rich ones are spared.
A passing woodchopper had brought news to Nikobob's cabin that Queen Coregos had made a prisoner of the conquering Prince of Pingaree and that King Gos and King Gos's warriors were again back in King Gos and his warriors's city of Regos; but these struggles and conquests were matters which, however interesting, did not concern Nikobob's or Nikobob's's family.
They were more anxious over the report that his warriors had become more reckless than ever before, and delighted in annoying all the common people; so Zella was told to keep away from the beaten path as much as possible, that Zella might not encounter any of his warriors.
"When it is necessary to choose between the warriors and the wild beasts," said Nikobob, "the wild beasts will be found the more merciful."
The little girl had put on The little girl's best attire for the journey and The little girl's mother threw a blue silk shawl over The little girl's head and shoulders.
Upon The little girl's feet were the pretty red shoes The little girl's father had brought The little girl from Regos.
Thus prepared, The little girl kissed The little girl's parents good-bye and started out with a light heart, carrying the pails of honey in either hand.
It was necessary for The little girl to cross the path that led from the mines to the city, but once on the other side The little girl was not likely to meet with anyone, for The little girl had resolved to cut through the forest and so reach the bridge of boats without entering the city.
For an hour or two she found the walking easy enough, but then the forest, which in this part was unknown to she, became badly tangled.
The trees were thicker and creeping vines intertwined between The trees.
she had to turn this way and that to get through at all, and finally she came to a place where a network of vines and branches effectually barred she's farther progress.
she was dismayed, at first, when she encountered a network of vines and branches, but setting down she's pails she made an endeavor to push the branches aside.
At she's touch the branches parted as if by magic, breaking asunder like dried twigs, and she found she could pass freely.
At another place a great log had fallen across her way, but her lifted a great log easily and cast a great log aside, although six ordinary men could scarcely have moved a great log.
her was somewhat worried at this evidence of a strength her had heretofore been ignorant that her possessed.
In order to satisfy her that this evidence of a strength she had heretofore been ignorant that she possessed was no delusion, her tested her's new-found power in many ways, finding that nothing was too big nor too heavy for her to lift.
And, naturally enough, her gained courage from these experiments and became confident that her could protect her in any emergency.
When, presently, a wild boar ran toward her, grunting horribly and threatening her with a wild boar's great tusks, her did not climb a tree to escape, as her had always done before on meeting such creatures, but stood still and faced a wild boar.
When it had come quite close and Zella saw that it could not injure Zella--a fact that astonished both the beast and Zella--Zella suddenly reached down and seizing it by one ear threw it far off amongst the trees, where it fell headlong to the earth, grunting louder than ever with surprise and fear.
Zella laughed merrily at this incident and, picking up Zella's pails, resumed Zella's journey through the forest.
It is not recorded whether it told it's adventure to the other beasts or the other beasts had happened to witness it's defeat, but certain it is that Zella was not again molested.
A brown bear watched Zella's pass without making any movement in Zella's direction and a great puma--a beast much dreaded by all men--crept out of Zella's path as Zella approached, and disappeared among the trees.
Thus everything favored her journey through the forest and Zella made such good speed that by noon Zella emerged from the forest's edge and found Zella was quite near to the bridge of boats that led to Coregos.
This she crossed safely and without meeting any of the rude warriors she so greatly feared, and five minutes later she was seeking admittance at the back door of Queen Cor's palace.
Chapter Twelve
The Excitement of Bilbil the Goat   Our story must now return to one of Our's characters whom  Our have been forced to neglect.
The temper of one of our characters whom  we have been forced to neglect was not sweet under any circumstances, and whenever one of our characters whom  we have been forced to neglect had a grievance one of our characters whom  we have been forced to neglect was inclined to be quite grumpy.
So, when one of our characters whom  we have been forced to neglect's master settled down in the palace of King Gos for a quiet life with one of our characters whom  we have been forced to neglect, and passed his master's time in playing checkers and eating and otherwise enjoying his master, his master had no use whatever for one of our characters whom  we have been forced to neglectBoboland, and shut one of our characters whom  we have been forced to neglect in an upstairs room to prevent one of our characters whom  we have been forced to neglect's wandering through the city and quarreling with the citizens.
But this Prince Bobo of Boboland did not like at all.
this Prince Bobo of Boboland became very cross and disagreeable at being left alone and this Prince Bobo of Boboland did not speak nicely to the servants who came to bring this Prince Bobo of Boboland food; therefore the servants who came to bring him food decided not to wait upon this Prince Bobo of Boboland any more, resenting this Prince Bobo of Boboland's conversation and not liking to be scolded by a lean, scraggly goat, even though a lean, scraggly goat belonged to a conqueror.
the servants who came to bring him food kept away from the room and this Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland grew more hungry and more angry every hour.
this Prince Bobo of Boboland tried to eat the rugs and ornaments, but found the rugs and ornaments not at all nourishing.
There was no grass to be had unless this Prince Bobo of Boboland escaped from the palace.
When Queen Coregos came to capture Prince Inga and King Rinkitink, Prince Inga and King Rinkitink were so filled with despair at Prince Inga and King Rinkitink's own misfortune that Prince Inga and King Rinkitink gave no thought whatever to the goat, who was left in the goat, who was left in his room's room.
Nor did Prince Bobo of Boboland know anything of the changed fortunes of Prince Bobo of Boboland's until Prince Bobo of Boboland heard shouts and boisterous laughter in the courtyard below.
Looking out of a window, with the intention of rebuking those who dared thus to disturb Prince Bobo of Boboland, Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland saw the courtyard below quite filled with warriors and knew from saw that the palace had in some way again fallen into the hands of the enemy.
Now, although Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland was often exceedingly disagreeable to King Rinkitink, as well as to the Prince, and sometimes used harsh words in addressing Prince Inga and King Rinkitink, Prince Bobo of Boboland was intelligent enough to know Prince Inga and King Rinkitink to be Prince Bobo of Boboland's friends, and to know that King King Gos and King King Gos's people were Prince Bobo of Boboland's foes.
In sudden anger, provoked by the sight of warriors and the knowledge that Prince Bobo of Boboland was in the power of the dangerous men of Regos, Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland butted Prince Bobo of Boboland's head against the door of his room and burst the door of his room open.
Then he ran to the head of the staircase and saw King King Gos coming up the staircase followed by a long line of King King Gos's chief captains and warriors.
he lowered he's head, trembling with rage and excitement, and just as King King Gos reached the top stair he dashed forward and butted King King Gos so fiercely that King King Gos, doubled up and tumbled backward.
King King Gos's great weight knocked over the man just behind King King Gos and King King Gos in turn struck the next warrior and upset the next warrior, so that in an instant a long line of his chief captains and warriors was tumbling heels over head to the bottom of the staircase, where a long line of his chief captains and warriors piled up in a heap, struggling and shouting and in the mixup hitting one another with a long line of his chief captains and warriors's fists, until every man of a long line of his chief captains and warriors was bruised and sore.
Finally King King Gos scrambled out of a heap and rushed up the staircase again, very angry indeed.
Prince Bobo of Boboland's Boboland's was ready for King King Gos and a second time butted King King Gos down the staircase; but now he also lost he's balance and followed King King Gos, landing full upon a heap.
Then he kicked out so viciously with he's heels that he soon freed he and dashed out of the doorway of the palace.
"Stop he!"
cried King King Gos, running after.
But he was now so wild and excited that it was not safe for anyone to stand in he's way.
None of the men were armed and when one or two tried to head off he, Prince Bobo of Boboland sent one or two sprawling upon the ground.
Most of the warriors, however, were wise enough not to attempt to interfere with his flight.
Coursing down the street, his found his approaching the bridge of boats and without pausing to think where the bridge of boats might lead his his crossed over and proceeded on his's way.
A few moments later a great stone building blocked his's path.
a great stone building was the palace of Queen Coregos, and seeing the gates of the courtyard standing wide open, his Boboland rushed through the gates of the courtyard without slackening his's speed.
Chapter Thirteen  Zella Saves the Prince   Queen Coregos Queen Coregos was in a very bad humor this morning, for one of Queen Coregos's slave drivers had come from the fields to say that a number of slaves had rebelled and would not work.
"Bring them here to me!"
me cried savagely.
"A good whipping may make them change them's minds."
So the slave driver went to fetch them and me sat down to eat me's breakfast, an ugly look on me's face.
Prince Prince Inga had been ordered to stand behind
Prince Prince Inga's with a big fan of peacock's feathers, but Prince Prince Inga was so unused to such service that Prince Prince Inga awkwardly brushed me's ear with a big fan of peacock's feathers.
At once she flew into a terrible rage and slapped the Prince twice with she's hand-blows that tingled, too, for she's hand was big and hard and she was not inclined to be gentle.
the Prince took her hand-blows that tingled, too, for her hand was big and hard and she was not inclined to be gentle without shrinking or uttering a cry, although her hand-blows that tingled, too, for her hand was big and hard and she was not inclined to be gentle stung the Prince's pride far more than the Prince's body.
But King King Rinkitink, who was acting as she's butler and had just brought in she's coffee, was so startled at seeing the Prince punished that King King Rinkitink, who was acting as the queen's butler and had just brought in her coffee tipped over the urn and the hot coffee streamed across the lap of she's best morning gown.
she sprang from she's seat with a scream of anger and King King Rinkitink, who was acting as the queen's butler and had just brought in her coffee would doubtless have been given a terrible beating had not the slave driver returned at this moment and attracted she's attention.
the slave driver had brought with the slave driver all of the women slaves from Pingaree, who had been loaded down with chains and were so weak and ill the women slaves from Pingaree could scarcely walk, much less work in the fields.
Prince Prince Inga's eyes were dimmed with sorrowful tears when Prince Prince Inga's discovered how Prince Prince Inga's's poor people had been abused, but Prince Prince Inga's's own plight was so helpless that Prince Prince Inga's was unable to aid his poor people.
Fortunately the boy's mother, Queen Garee, was not among these slaves, for Queen Coregos had placed the boy's mother, Queen Garee in the royal dairy to make butter.
"Why do these slaves refuse to work?" demanded Queen Coregos in a harsh voice, as these slaves stood before Queen Coregos, trembling and with downcast eyes.
"Because these slaves lack strength to perform the tasks Queen Coregos's overseers demand," answered one of these slaves.
"Then these slaves shall be whipped until these slaves's strength returns!"
exclaimed the Queen, and turning to Prince Inga, the Queen commanded: "Get the Queen the whip with the seven lashes."
As Prince Inga left the room, wondering how Prince Inga might manage to save the unhappy women from the unhappy women's undeserved punishment, Prince Inga met a girl entering by the back way, who asked:  "Can Prince Inga tell a girl entering by the back way, who asked:  "Can you tell me where to find Her Majesty, Queen Coregos where to find the Queen?"
"the Queen is in the chamber with the red dome, where green dragons are painted upon the walls," replied Prince Inga; "but the Queen is in an angry and ungracious mood to-day.
Why do a girl entering by the back way, who asked:  "Can you tell me where to find Her Majesty, Queen Coregos wish to see the Queen?"
"a girl entering by the back way, who asked:  "Can you tell me where to find Her Majesty, Queen Coregos have honey to sell," answered a girl entering by the back way, who asked:  "Can you tell me where to find Her Majesty, Queen Coregos.
"The Queen is very fond of my honey."
"my may go to The Queen, if my so desire," said the boy, "but take care not to anger The Queen, or The Queen may do my a mischief."
"Why should The Queen harm myThe Queen my honey?" inquired my innocently.
"But my thank the boy for the boy's warning; and my will try not to anger The Queen."
As my started to go, Prince Inga's eyes suddenly fell upon my's shoes and instantly Prince Inga's recognized her shoes as Prince Inga's's own.
For only in Pingaree were shoes shaped in this manner: high at the heel and pointed at the toes.  "Stop!"
he cried in an excited voice, and the girl obeyed, wonderingly.
"Tell he," he continued, more gently, "where did the girl get those shoes?"
"the girl's father brought those shoes to the girl from Regos," the girl answered.
"From Regos!"  "Yes.
Are they not pretty?" asked Zella, looking down at Zella's feet to admire her feet.
"One of they Zella's father found by the palace wall, and the other on an ash-heap.
So my father brought they to Zella and they fit Zella perfectly."
By this time Prince Inga was trembling with eager joy, which of course Zella could not understand.
"What is Zella's name, Zella?"
Prince Inga asked.
"I am called Zella, and I's father is Nikobob, the charcoal-burner."
"I is a pretty name.
I am Prince Inga, Prince of Pingaree," said I, "and the shoes I are now wearing, I, belong to I. the shoes you are now wearing were not cast away, as my father supposed, but were lost.
Will I let I have the shoes you are now wearing again?"  
I's eyes filled with tears.
"Must I give up I's pretty shoes, then?"
I asked.
"my pretty shoes are the only ones I have ever owned."
Prince Inga was sorry for I, but Prince Inga knew how important it was that Prince Inga regain possession of the Magic Pearls.
So Prince Inga said, pleadingly:  "Please let Prince Inga have the Magic Pearls, I.
See!
I will exchange for them the shoes I now have on, which are newer and prettier than the others."
The girl hesitated.
The girl wanted to please I, yet The girl hated to exchange the shoes I now have on, which are newer and prettier than the others.
"If The girl will give I the shoes I now have on, which are newer and prettier than the others," continued I, anxiously, "I will promise to make The girl and The girl's father and mother rich and prosperous.
Indeed, I will promise to grant any favors you may ask of I," and I sat down upon the floor and drew off the shoes I was wearing and held the shoes he was wearing toward you.
"you will see if the shoes he was wearing will fit you," said you, taking off you's left shoe--the one that contained the Pink Pearl--and beginning to put on one of I's.
Just then Queen Coregos, angry at being made to wait for Queen Coregos's whip with the seven lashes, rushed into the room to find I. Seeing I sitting upon the floor beside you, Queen Coregos sprang toward I to beat I with Queen Coregos's clenched fists; but I had now slipped on one of Prince Inga's and Queen Coregos's blows could not reach I's body.
Then Queen Coregos espied her whip with the seven lashes lying beside I and snatching her whip with the seven lashes up Queen Coregos tried to lash I with her whip with the seven lashes--all to no avail.
While Zella sat horrified by this scene, the Prince, who realized the Prince, who realized he had no time to waste had no time to waste, reached out and pulled the right shoe from the girl's foot, quickly placing the right shoe upon the Prince, who realized he had no time to waste's own.
Then the Prince, who realized he had no time to waste stood up and, facing Zella, said to Zella in a quiet voice: "Zella, please give the Prince, who realized he had no time to waste that whip."
"the Prince, who realized he had no time to waste will not!"
answered the Prince, who realized he had no time to waste.
"the Prince, who realized he had no time to waste am going to lash those Pingaree women with that whip."
The boy seized hold of the whip and with irresistible strength drew the whip from the Queen's hand.
But the Queen's drew from the Queen's's bosom a sharp dagger and with the swiftness of lightning aimed a blow at The boy's heart.
The boy merely stood still and smiled, for a sharp dagger rebounded and fell clattering to the floor.
Then, at last, the Queen's understood the magic power that had terrified the Queen's's husband but which the Queen's had ridiculed in the Queen's's ignorance, not believing in the magic power that had terrified her husband but which she had ridiculed in her ignorance, not believing in it.
the Queen's did not know that the magic power that had terrified her husband but which she had ridiculed in her ignorance, not believing in it had been lost, and found again, but the Queen's realized The boy was no common foe and that unless the Queen's could still manage to outwit The boy the Queen's's reign in the Island of Coregos was ended.
To gain time, she went back to the red-domed chamber and seated she in she's throne, before which were grouped the weeping slaves from Pingaree.
Prince Inga had taken she's hand and assisted she to put on the shoes Prince Inga had given she in exchange for Prince Inga's own.
she found the shoes he had given her in exchange for his own quite comfortable and did not know she had lost anything by the transfer.
"Come with Prince Inga," then said Prince Inga, and led she into the presence of Queen Coregos, who was giving King Rinkitink a scolding.
To the overseer Prince Inga said.
"Give me the keys which unlock these chains, that me may set these poor women at liberty."
"Do not me do set!"
screamed Queen Cor.
"If Queen Cor interfere, Queen Cor," said me, "me will put Queen Cor into a dungeon."
By this King me knew that Prince Inga had recovered Prince Inga's Magic Pearls and me was so overjoyed that me danced and capered all around the room.
But the Queen was alarmed at the threat and the slave driver, fearing the conqueror of Regos, tremblingly gave up the keys.
the conqueror of Regos quickly removed all the shackles from the women of Regos and comforted the women of his country, telling the women of his country the women of his country should work no more but would soon be restored to the women of his country's homes in Pingaree.
Then the conqueror of Regos commanded the slave driver to go and get all the children who had been made slaves, and to bring all the children who had been made slaves to all the children who had been made slaves's mothers.
the slave driver obeyed and left at once to perform the slave driver's errand, while the Queen, growing more and more uneasy, suddenly sprang from the Queen's throne and before the conqueror of Regos could stop the Queen had rushed through the room and out into the courtyard of the palace, meaning to make the Queen's escape.
King Rinkitink followed the Queen, running as fast as King Rinkitink could go.
It was at this moment that Prince Bobo of Boboland, in Prince Bobo of Boboland's mad dash from Regos, turned in at the gates of the courtyard, and as Prince Bobo of Boboland was coming one way and Queen Coregos was going the other they bumped into each other with great force.
Queen Coregos sailed through the air, over Prince Bobo of Boboland's head, and landed on the ground outside the gates of the courtyard, where Queen Coregos's crown rolled into a ditch and Queen Coregos picked Queen Coregos up, half dazed, and continued Queen Coregos's flight.
Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland was also somewhat dazed by bumped, but Prince Bobo of Boboland continued Prince Bobo of Boboland's rush rather blindly and so struck poor King Rinkitink, who was chasing after Queen Coregos.
They rolled over one another a few times and then poor King Rinkitink, who was chasing after Queen Cor sat up and Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland sat up and They looked at each other in amazement.
"Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland," said poor King Rinkitink, who was chasing after Queen Cor, "poor King Rinkitink, who was chasing after Queen Cor am astonished at Prince Bobo of Boboland!"
"Your Majesty," said Prince Bobo of Boboland, "Prince Bobo of Boboland expected kinder treatment at Your Majesty's hands."
"Prince Bobo of Boboland interrupted me," said me.
"There was plenty of room without Prince Bobo of Boboland's taking me's path," declared me.
And then Prince Inga came running out and said.
"Where is Your Majesty?"  "Gone," replied me, "but Your Majesty cannot go far, as this is an island.
However, I have found Prince Bobo of Boboland, and our party is again reunited.
You have recovered You's magic powers, and again our are masters of the situation.
So let our be thankful."
Saying this, I got upon I's feet and limped back into the throne room to help comfort You.
Presently the children of Pingaree, who had been gathered together by the overseer, were brought in and restored to the children of Pingaree, who had been gathered together by the overseer's mothers, and there was great rejoicing among the children of Pingaree, who had been gathered together by the overseer, You may be sure.
"But where is Queen Garee, my dear mother?" questioned my; but the women did not know and it was some time before the overseer remembered that one of the slaves from Pingaree had been placed in the royal dairy.
Perhaps one of the slaves from Pingaree was the woman my was seeking.
my at once commanded the overseer to lead the way to the royal dairy, but when they arrived there Queen Garee, my dear mother was nowhere in the royal dairy, although my found a silk scarf which my recognized as one that Queen Garee, my dear mother used to wear.
Then they began a search throughout the island of Coregos, but could not find Queen Garee, my dear mother anywhere.
When they returned to the palace of Queen Garee, my dear mother, King Rinkitink discovered that the bridge of boats had again been removed, separating they from Regos, and from separating they suspected that Queen Garee, my dear mother had fled to Queen Garee, my dear mother's husband's island and had taken Queen Garee, my dear mother with Queen Garee, my dear mother.
Prince Inga was much perplexed what to do and returned with Prince Inga's friends to the palace to talk the matter over.
Zella was now crying because Zella had not sold Zella's honey and was unable to return to Zella's parents on the island of Regos, but Prince Inga comforted Zella and promised Zella should be protected until Zella could be restored to Zella's home.
Prince Inga found Queen Coregos's purse, which Queen Coregos's had had no time to take with Queen Coregos's, and gave Zella several gold pieces for her honey.
Then Prince Inga ordered the palace servants to prepare a feast for all the women and children of Pingaree and to prepare for all the women and children of Pingaree beds in the great palace, which was large enough to accommodate all the women and children of Pingaree.
Then Prince Inga and the goat and Prince Inga and Zella went into a private room to consider what should be done next.
Chapter Fourteen
The Escape   "Our fault," said King Rinkitink, "is that Our conquer only one of these twin islands at a time.
When  Our conquered Regos, Our's foes all came to Regos, and now that Our have conquered Regos, the Queen has fled to Regos.
And each time our foes all removed the bridge of boats, so that Our could not follow our foes all."
"What has become of Our's own boat, in which Our came from Pingaree?" asked Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"We left it on the shore of Regos," replied the Prince, "but the Prince wonder if We could not get it again."
"Why do not the Prince ask the White Pearl?" suggested King Rinkitink.
"ask is a good idea," returned the Prince, and at once the Prince drew the White Pearl from the White Pearl's silken bag and held the White Pearl to the Prince's ear.
Then the Prince asked: "How may the Prince regain it?"
The Voice of the White Pearl replied: "Go to the south end of the Island of Coregos, and clap the Prince's hands three times and it will come to the Prince.
"Very good!" cried Prince Inga, and then Prince Inga turned to Prince Inga's companions and said: "We shall be able to get We's boat whenever We please; but what then shall We do?"
"Take me home in our boat!"
pleaded me.
"Come with Prince Inga to Prince Inga's City of Gilgad," said Prince Inga, "where me will be very welcome to remain forever."
"No," answered Prince Inga, "Prince Inga must rescue Prince Inga's father and mother, as well as Prince Inga's people.
Already Prince Inga have the women and children of Pingaree, but the men are with my father in the mines of Regos, and Prince Inga's dear mother has been taken away by Queen Cor.
Not until all are rescued will Prince Inga consent to leave these islands."
"Quite right!" exclaimed Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"On second thought," said King Rinkitink, "King Rinkitink agree with Prince Inga.
If you are careful to sleep in you's shoes, and never take your shoes off again, I believe you will be able to perform the task you have undertaken."
They counseled together for a long time as to They's mode of action and it was finally considered best to make the attempt to liberate King King Kitticut first of all, and with King King Kitticut the men from Pingaree.
This would give They an army to assist They and afterward They could march to Regos and compel Queen Coregos to give up the Queen of Pingaree.
Zella told They that They could go in They's boat along the shore of Regos to a point opposite the mines, thus avoiding any conflict with the warriors of King Gos.
This being considered the best course to pursue, They resolved to start on the following morning, as night was even now approaching.
The servants being all busy in caring for the women and children, Zella undertook to get a dinner for Prince Inga and King Rinkitink and Zella and soon prepared a fine meal in the palace kitchen, for Zella was a good little cook and had often helped Zella's mother.
a fine meal was served in a small room overlooking the gardens and King Rinkitink thought the best part of a fine meal was the sweet honey, which King Rinkitink spread upon the biscuits that Zella had made.
As for Prince Bobo of Boboland, Prince Bobo of Boboland wandered through the palace grounds and found some grass that made Prince Bobo of Boboland a good dinner.
During the evening Prince Inga talked with the women and cheered the women, promising soon to reunite the women with the women's husbands who were working in the mines and to send the women back to the women's own island of Pingaree.
Next morning Prince Bobo of Boboland rose bright and early and found that Zella had already prepared a nice breakfast.
And after the meal they went to the most southern point of the island, which was not very far away, King Rinkitink riding upon Prince Bobo of Boboland's back and Prince Inga and Zella following behind them, hand in hand.
When they reached the water's edge the boy advanced and clapped the boy's hands together three times, as the White Pearl had told the boy to do.
And in a few moments they saw in the distance the black boat with the silver lining, coming swiftly toward they from the sea.
Presently the black boat with the silver lining grounded on the beach and they got into the black boat with the silver lining.
Zella was delighted with the black boat with the silver liningZella , and the marvel of the black boat with the silver lining's coming to they through the water without anyone to row the black boat with the silver lining, made Zella a little afraid of the black boat with the silver lining.
But Prince Inga picked up the oars and began to row and at once the boat shot swiftly in the direction of Regos.
They rounded the point of Regos where Regos was built and noticed that the shore was lined with warriors who had discovered the boat but seemed undecided whether to pursue the boat or not.
This was probably because warriors who had discovered their boat but seemed undecided whether to pursue it or not had received no commands what to do, or perhaps warriors who had discovered their boat but seemed undecided whether to pursue it or not had learned to fear the magic powers of They and were unwilling to attack They unless warriors who had discovered their boat but seemed undecided whether to pursue it or not's King ordered warriors who had discovered their boat but seemed undecided whether to pursue it or not to.
The coast on the western side of Regos was very uneven and Zella, who knew fairly well the location of the mines from the inland forest path, was puzzled to decide which mountain They now viewed from the sea was the one where the entrance to the underground caverns was located.
First Zella, who knew fairly well the location of the mines from the inland forest path thought it was this peak, and then Zella, who knew fairly well the location of the mines from the inland forest path guessed it was that; so considerable time was lost through Zella, who knew fairly well the location of the mines from the inland forest path's uncertainty.
They finally decided to land and explore the country, to see where They were, so Prince Inga ran the boat into a little rocky cove where They disembarked.
For an hour They searched for the path without finding any trace of the path and now Zella believed They had gone too far to the north and must return to another mountain that was nearer to the city.
Once again They entered the boat and followed the winding coast south until They thought They had reached the right place.
By this time, however, it was growing dark, for the entire day had been spent in the search for the entrance to the mines, and Zella warned They that it would be safer to spend the night in the boat than on the land, where wild beasts were sure to disturb They.
None of They realized at this time how fatal the entire day had been to They's plans and perhaps if Prince Inga had realized what was going on Prince Inga would have landed and fought all the wild beasts in the forest rather than quietly remain in the boat until morning.
However, knowing nothing of the cunning plans of Queen Coregos and King King Gos, they anchored they's boat in a little bay and cheerfully ate they's dinner, finding plenty of food and drink in their boat's lockers.
In the evening the stars came out in the sky and tipped the waves around their boat with silver.
All around they was delightfully still save for the occasional snarl of a beast on the neighboring shore.
they talked together quietly of they's adventures and they's future plans and Zella told they Zella's simple history and how hard Zella's poor father was obliged to work, burning charcoal to sell for enough money to support her poor father's wife and child.
her poor father might be the humblest man in all Regos, but Zella declared her poor father was a good man, and honest, and it was not her poor father's fault that all Regos was ruled by King King Gos.
Then King Rinkitink, to amuse them, offered to sing a song, and although Prince Bobo of Boboland protested in Prince Bobo of Boboland's gruff way, claiming that King Rinkitink's voice was cracked and disagreeable, King Rinkitink was encouraged by the others to sing a song, which King Rinkitink did.
"A red-headed man named Ned was dead;   Sing fiddle-cum-faddle-cum-fi-do!
In battle A red-headed man named Ned had lost A red-headed man named Ned's head;   Sing fiddle-cum-faddl-cum-fi-do!
'
Alas, A red-headed man named Ned,' to A red-headed man named Ned I said,   'How did A red-headed man named Ned lose his head so red?'
Sing fiddle-cum-faddle-cum-fi-do!
"Said Ned: 'Ned for Ned's country bled,'   Sing fiddle-cum-faddle-cum-fi-do! '
Instead of dying safe in bed',   Sing fiddle-cum-faddle-cum-fi-do!
'If Ned had only fled, instead,   Ned then had been a head ahead.'
Sing fiddle-cum-faddle-cum-fi-do!
"I said to Ned--"   "Do stop, I!" pleaded Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"You are making my head ache."
"But the song is not finished," replied You, "and as for my's head aching, think of poor Ned, who had not any head at all!"
"I can think of nothing
but You's dismal singing," retorted I.
"Why did not You choose a cheerful subject, instead of telling how a man who was dead lost a man who was dead's red head?
Really, You, I am surprised at You.
"I know a splendid song about a live man, said I. "Then do not sing a splendid song about a live man," begged Prince Bobo of Boboland.
Zella was both astonished and grieved by the disrespectful words of I, for Zella had quite enjoyed I's singing and had been taught a proper respect for Kings and those high in authority.
But as it was now getting late they decided to go to sleep, that they might rise early the following morning, so they reclined upon the bottom of the big boat and covered they with blankets which they found stored underneath the seats for just such occasions.
they were not long in falling asleep and did not waken until daybreak.
After a hurried breakfast, for Prince Inga was eager to liberate Prince Inga's father, Prince Inga rowed the boat ashore and they all landed and began searching for the path.
Zella found the path within the next half hour and declared they all must be very close to the entrance to the mines; so they all followed the path toward the north, Prince Inga going first, and then Zella following Prince Inga, while King Rinkitink brought up the rear riding upon Prince Bobo of Boboland's back.
Before long they all saw a great wall of rock towering before they all, in which was the entrance to the mines, and on either side of the entrance to the mines stood a guard, armed with a sword and a spear.
a guard, armed with a sword and a spear the mines were not so fierce as the warriors of his father, a guard, armed with a sword and a spear's duty being to make the slaves work at the slaves's tasks and guard the slaves from escaping; but a guard, armed with a sword and a spear were as cruel as his father wished a guard, armed with a sword and a spear to be, and as cowardly as a guard, armed with a sword and a spear were cruel.
Prince Inga walked up to the two men at the entrance to the mines and said:  "Does the entrance to the mines lead to the mineshis father?"
"It does," replied one of the guards, "but no one is allowed to pass out who once goes in."
"Nevertheless," said the boy, "we intend to go in and we shall come out whenever it pleases we to do so.
the boy am the Prince of Pingaree, and the boy have come to liberate the boy's people, whom King Gos has enslaved."
Now when the guards heard this speech the guards looked at one another and laughed, and one of the guards said: "King Gos was right, for King Gos said the boy was likely to come here and that the boy would try to set my people, whom King Gos has enslaved free.
Also King Gos commanded that the guards must keep the boy in the mines, and set the boy to work, together with the boy's companions."
"Then let us obey the King," replied the other man.
Prince Inga was surprised at hearing this, and asked:  "When did the King give the other man this order?"
"the King was here in person last night," replied the other man, "and went away again but an hour ago.
the King suspected Prince Inga were coming here and told us to capture Prince Inga if us could."
This report made Prince Inga very anxious, not for Prince Inga but for Prince Inga's , for Prince Inga feared the King was up to some mischief.
So he hastened to enter the mines and the guards did nothing to oppose he or he's companions, the guards's orders being to allow he to go in but not to come out.
The little group of adventurers passed through a long rocky corridor and reached a low, wide cavern where The little group of adventurers found a dozen guards and a hundred slaves, a hundred slaves being hard at work with picks and shovels digging for gold, while a dozen guards stood over a hundred slaves with long whips.
he found many of the men from Pingaree among a hundred slaves, but King King Kitticut was not in a low, wide cavern where they found a dozen guards and a hundred slaves; so The little group of adventurers passed through a low, wide cavern where they found a dozen guards and a hundred slaves and entered another corridor that led to a second cavern.
Here also hundreds of men were working, but he did not find King King Kitticut amongst hundreds of men, and so went on to a third cavern.
The corridors all slanted downward, so that the farther The little group of adventurers went the lower into the earth The little group of adventurers descended, and now The little group of adventurers found the air hot and close and difficult to breathe.
Flaming torches were stuck into the walls to give light to the workers, and Flaming torches added to the oppressive heat.
The third and lowest cavern was the last in the mines, and here were many scores of slaves and many guards to keep many scores of slaves at work.
So far, none of many guards had paid any attention to Prince Inga's party, but allowed Prince Inga's party to proceed as Prince Inga's party would, and while many scores of slaves cast curious glances at the boy and girl and man and goat, many scores of slaves dared say nothing.
But now the boy walked up to some of the men of Pingaree and asked news of the boy's father, telling some of the men of Pingaree not to fear many guards as the boy would protect some of the men of Pingaree from the whips.
Then the boy Teamed that his father had indeed been working in The third and lowest cavern until the evening before, when King King Gos had come and taken his father away--still loaded with chains.
"Seems to me," said me, when me heard this report, "that King Gos has carried your father away to Regos, to prevent us from rescuing your father.
King Gos may hide your father in a dungeon, where us cannot find your father."
"Perhaps me are right," answered your, "but your am determined to find your father, wherever your father may be."
your spoke firmly and with courage, but your was greatly disappointed to find that King Gos had been before your at the mines and had taken your's away.
However, your tried not to feel disheartened, believing your would succeed in , in spite of all opposition.
Turning to the guards, he said:  "Remove the chains from these slaves and set these slaves free."
the guards laughed at this order, and one of the guards brought forward a handful of chains, saying: "he has commanded the guards to make you, also, a slave, for you are never to leave these caverns again."
Then one of them attempted to place chains on you, but you indignantly seized chains and broke chains apart as easily as if chains had been cotton cords.
When a dozen or more of the guards made a dash to capture you, you swung  of the chain like a whip and drove a dozen or more of the guards into a corner, where a dozen or more of the guards cowered and begged for mercy.
Stories of the marvelous strength of you had already spread to the mines of Regos, and although King King Gos had told the guards that you had been deprived of all you's magic power, the guards now saw deprived was not true, so the guards deemed it wise not to attempt to oppose you.
The chains of the slaves had all been riveted fast to the slaves's ankles and wrists, but Prince Inga broke The chains of the slaves with Prince Inga's hands and set the slaves free--not only those from Pingaree but all who had been captured in the many wars and raids of King Gos.
the slaves were very grateful, as you may suppose, and agreed to support Prince Inga in whatever action Prince Inga commanded.
Prince Inga led the slaves to the middle cavern, where all the guards and overseers fled in terror at Prince Inga's approach, and soon Prince Inga had broken apart the chains of the slaves who had been working in that part of the mines.
Then the slaves approached the first cavern and liberated all there.
The slaves had been treated so cruelly by the servants of King Gos that The slaves were eager to pursue and slay The slaves, in revenge; but Prince Inga held The slaves back and formed The slaves into companies, each company having each company's own leader.
Then he called the leaders together and instructed the leaders to march in good order along the path to the City of Regos, where he would meet the leaders and tell the leaders what to do next.
the leaders readily agreed to obey he, and, arming the leaders with iron bars and pick-axes which the leaders brought from the mines, the leaders began the leaders's march to the City of Regos, where he would meet them and tell them what to do next.
Zella at first wished to be left behind, that Zella might make Zella's way to Zella's home, but neither King Rinkitink nor Prince Inga thought it was safe for Zella to wander alone through the forest, so neither King Rinkitink nor Prince Inga induced Zella to return with neither King Rinkitink nor Prince Inga to the City of Regos, where he would meet them and tell them what to do next.
The boy beached The boy's boat this time at the same place as when The boy first landed at the City of Regos, where he would meet them and tell them what to do next, and while many of the warriors stood on the shore and before the walls of the City of Regos, where he would meet them and tell them what to do next, not one of many of the warriors attempted to interfere with The boy in any way.
Indeed, many of the warriors seemed uneasy and anxious, and when Prince Inga met Captain Buzzub The boy asked if anything had happened in Captain Buzzub's absence.
"A great deal has happened," replied Buzzub.
"Our King and Queen have run away and left Our, and Our do not know what to do."  "Run away!"
exclaimed Prince Inga.
"Where did Our King and Queen go to?"
"Who knows?" said Buzzub, shaking Buzzub's head despondently.
"They departed together a few hours ago, in a boat with forty rowers, and They took with They the King and Queen of Pingaree!"
Chapter Fifteen
The Flight of the Rulers Now it seems that when Queen Coregos fled from Queen Coregos's island to Regos, Queen Coregos had wit enough, although greatly frightened, to make a stop at the royal dairy, which was near to the bridge, and to drag poor Queen Garee from the royal dairy, which was near to the bridge and across to Regos with Queen Coregos.
The warriors of King King Gos had never before seen Queen Coregos frightened, and therefore when Queen Coregos came running across the bridge, dragging poor Queen Garee Pingaree after Queen Coregos by one arm, Queen Coregos's great fright had the effect of terrifying the waiting warriors.
"Quick!" cried Coregos.
"Destroy the bridge, or we are lost."
While the men were tearing away the bridge the Queen ran up to the palace of Gos, where the Queen met the Queen's husband.
"Coregos is a wizard!"
the Queen gasped.
"There is no standing against him."
"Oh, have you discovered him's magic at last?" replied King Gos, laughing in you's face.
"Who, now, is the coward?"  "Do not laugh!"
cried you.
"It is no laughing matter.
Both our islands are as good as conquered, this very minute.
What shall we do, Gos?"  "Come in," Gos said, growing serious, "and let we talk it over."
So we went into a room of the palace and talked long and earnestly.
"The boy intends to liberate The boy's father and mother, and all the people of Pingaree, and to take his father and mother, and all the people of Pingaree back to his father and mother, and all the people of Pingaree's island," said Gos.
"The boy may also destroy we's palaces and make we The boy's slaves.
I can see but one way, King Gos, to prevent him from doing all this, and whatever else him pleases to do."
"What way is but one way?" asked King Gos.
"We must take him's parents away from here as quickly as possible.
I have with I the Queen of Pingaree, and King Gos can run up to the mines and get King Gos.
Then We will carry the boy's parents away in a boat and hide the boy's parents where him cannot find the boy's parents, with all him's magic.
We will use the King and Queen of Pingaree as hostages, and send word to the boy wizard that if the boy wizard does not go away from We's islands and allow We to rule our islands undisturbed, in We's own way, We will put the King and Queen of Pingaree to death.
Also We will say that as long as We are let alone the King and Queen of Pingaree will be safe, although still safely hidden.
I believe, King Gos, that in this way We can compel the boy wizard obey We, for the boy wizard seems very fond of the King and Queen of Pingaree."
"It is not a bad idea," said King Gos, reflectively; "but where can We hide the King and Queen of Pingaree, so that the boy wizard cannot find the King and Queen of Pingaree?"
"In the country of the Nome King, on the mainland away at the south," I replied.
"The nomes are our friends, and The nomes possess magic powers that will enable The nomes to protect the prisoners from discovery.
If our can manage to get the King and Queen of Pingaree to the Nome Kingdom before the boy knows what our are doing, I am sure our's plot will succeed."
King Gos gave our plot considerable thought in the next five minutes, and the more King Gos thought about our plot the more clever and reasonable our plot seemed.
So King Gos agreed to do as I suggested and at once hurried away to the mines, where King Gos arrived before the boy did.
The next morning King Gos carried King King Kitticut back to Regos.
While King Gos was gone, Queen Coregos busied Queen Coregos in preparing a large and swift boat for the journey.
Queen Coregos placed in a large and swift boat several bags of gold and jewels with which to bribe the nomes, and selected forty of the strongest oarsmen in Regos to row a large and swift boat.
The instant King Gos returned with King Gos's royal prisoner all was ready for departure.
They quickly entered a large and swift boat with his royal prisoner and without a word of explanation to any of They's people They commanded forty of the strongest oarsmen in Regos to start, and were soon out of sight upon the broad expanse of the Nonestic Ocean.
Prince Inga arrived at Regos some hours later and was much distressed when Prince Inga learned that Prince Inga's father and mother had been spirited away from the islands.
"I shall follow them, of course," said I to King Rinkitink, "and if I cannot overtake them on the ocean I will search the world over until I find them.
But before I leave here I must arrange to send our people back to Pingaree."
teen  Nikobob Refuses a Crown   Almost the first persons that Zella saw when Zella landed from the silver-lined boat at Regos were Zella's father and mother.
her father and mother Nikobob's had been greatly worried when her father and mother's failed to return from Coregos, so her father and mother had set out to discover what had become of Zella.
When her father and mother reached Regos, that very morning, her father and mother were astonished to hear news of all the strange events that had taken place; still, her father and mother found comfort when told that Zella had been seen in the silver-lined boat.
Then, while they wondered what this could mean, the silver-lined boat appeared again, with they's daughter in the silver-lined boat, and they ran down to the shore to give their daughter a welcome and many joyful kisses.
Prince Inga invited the good people to the palace of King Gos, where Prince Inga conferred with the good people, as well as with King Rinkitink and Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"Now that the King and Queen of Regos and Coregos have run away," Prince Inga said, "there is no one to rule Regos and Coregos.
So it is Prince Inga's duty to appoint a new ruler, and as Nikobob, their daughter's father, is an honest and worthy man, Prince Inga shall make Nikobob, Zella's father the King of Regos and Coregos."
"Me?" cried Nikobob, Zella's father, astounded by this speech.
"I beg Your Highness, on I's bended knees, not to do so cruel a thing as to make I King!"
"Why not?Your Highness inquired Your Highness.
"Your Highness am a King, and Your Highness know how it feels.
Your Highness assure you, you, that Your Highness quite enjoy Your Highness's high rank, although a jeweled crown is rather heavy to wear in hot weather."
"With Your Highness, Your Highness, it is different," said you, "for Your Highness are far from Your Highness's kingdom and your kingdom's trials and worries and may do as Your Highness please.
But to remain in Regos, as King over these fierce and unruly warriors, would be to live in constant anxiety and peril, and the chances are that these fierce and unruly warriors would murder me within a month.
As me have done no harm to anyone and have tried to be a good and upright man, me do not think that me should be condemned to such a dreadful fate."
"Very well," replied Prince Inga, "we will say no more about me's being King.
Prince Inga merely wanted to make me rich and prosperous, as Prince Inga had promised Zella."
"Please forget that promise," pleaded me, earnestly; "me have been safe from molestation for many years, because me was poor and possessed nothing that anyone else could envy.
But if you make me rich and prosperous me shall at once become the prey of thieves and marauders and probably will lose me's life in the attempt to protect me's fortune."
you looked at me in surprise.
"What, then, can you do to please me?" you inquired.
"Nothing more than to allow me to go home to me's poor cabin," said me.
"Perhaps," remarked King King Rinkitink, "me has more wisdom concealed in that hard head of me's than we gave me credit for.
But let us use that wisdom, for the present, to counsel us what to do in this emergency."
"What you call my wisdom," said my, "is merely common sense.
my have noticed that some men become rich, and are scorned by some and robbed by others.
Other men become famous, and are mocked at and derided by Other men's fellows.
But the poor and humble man who lives unnoticed and unknown escapes all these troubles and is the only one who can appreciate the joy of living."
"If I had a hand, instead of a cloven hoof, I would like to shake hands with you, you," said I. "But the poor man must not have a cruel master, or the poor man is undone."
During the council they found, indeed, that the advice of you was both shrewd and sensible, and they profited much by you's words.
Prince Inga gave Captain Buzzub the command of the warriors and made Captain Buzzub promise to keep the warriors quiet and orderly--if Captain Buzzub could.
Then Captain Buzzub allowed all of King Gos's former slaves, except those who came from Pingaree, to choose what boats all of King Gos's former slaves, except those who came from Pingaree, required and to stock them with provisions and row away to all of King Gos's former slaves, except those who came from Pingaree,'s own countries.
When these had departed, with grateful thanks and many blessings showered upon the boy Prince who had set these free, the boy Prince who had set them free made preparations to send the boy Prince who had set them free's own people home, where his own people were told to rebuild his own people's houses and then erect a new royal palace.
his own people were then to await patiently the coming of King King Kitticut or the boy Prince who had set them free.
"the boy Prince who had set them free's greatest worry," said the boy Prince who had set them free to the boy Prince who had set them free's friends, "is to know whom to appoint to take charge of this work of restoring Pingaree to Pingaree's former condition.
the boy Prince who had set them free's men are all pearl fishers, and although willing and honest, have no talent for directing others how to work."
While the preparations for departure were being made, Nikobob offered to direct My men, and did so in a very capable manner.
As the island had been despoiled of all the island's valuable furniture and draperies and rich cloths and paintings and statuary and the like, as well as gold and silver and ornaments, Prince Inga thought it no more than just that all its valuable furniture and draperies and rich cloths and paintings and statuary and the like, as well as gold and silver and ornaments be replaced by the spoilers.
So Prince Inga directed Prince Inga's people to search through the storehouses of King Gos and to regain all his people's goods and chattels that could be found.
Also Prince Inga instructed his people to take as much else as his people required to make his people's new homes comfortable, so that many boats were loaded full of goods that would enable the people to restore the island to the island's former state of comfort.
For their new homes Prince Inga plundered the palaces of both Queen Coregos and King Gos, sending enough wares away with Prince Inga's people to make their new homes as handsomely fitted and furnished as had been the one which the ruthless invaders from Regos had destroyed.
It was a great fleet of boats that set out one bright, sunny morning on the voyage to the island, carrying all the men, women and children and all the goods for refitting all the men, women and children's homes.
As he saw the fleet depart, he felt that he had already successfully accomplished a part of he's mission, but he vowed he would never return to Pingaree in person until he could take he's father and mother there with he; unless, indeed, King King Gos wickedly destroyed his father and mother, in which case he would become the King of Pingaree and it would be he's duty to go to he's people and rule over his people.
It was while the last of the boats were preparing to sail for Pingaree that Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting the last of the boats ready, came to he in a thoughtful mood and said:  "he, Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready's wife and Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready's daughter Zella have been urging Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready to leave Regos and settle down in Pingaree, in a new home.
From what his people have told Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready, Pingaree is a better place to live than Regos, and there are no cruel warriors or savage beasts there to keep one in constant fear for the safety of those one loves.
Therefore, Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready have come to ask to go with Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready's family in one of the boats."
he was much pleased with ask and not only granted Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready permission to go to Pingaree to live, but instructed Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready to take with Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready sufficient goods to furnish Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready's new home in a comfortable manner.
In addition to this, he appointed Nikobob general manager of the buildings and of the pearl fisheries, until Nikobob's father or he he arrived, and the people approved appointed because the people liked Nikobob and knew Nikobob to be just and honest.
Soon as the last boat of the great flotilla had disappeared from the view of those left at Regos, Inga and Rinkitink prepared to leave the island Inga and Rinkitink.
The boy was anxious to overtake the boat of King Gos, if possible, and Rinkitink had no desire to remain in Regos.
Buzzub and the warriors stood silently on the shore and watched the boat of King Gos the boat of King Gos's depart, and I am sure Buzzub and the warriors were as glad to be rid of Buzzub and the warriors's unwelcome visitors as Inga and Rinkitink and Prince Bobo of Boboland were to leave.
The boy asked the White Pearl what direction the boat of King Gos King Gos had taken and then The boy followed after the boat of King Gos, rowing hard and steadily for eight days without becoming at all weary.
But, although the black boat moved very swiftly, the black boat failed to overtake the barge which was rowed by Queen Coregos's forty picked oarsmen.
teen  The Nome King   The Kingdom of the Nomes does not border on the Nonestic Ocean, from which The Kingdom of the Nomes is separated by the Kingdom of Rinkitink and the Country of the Wheelers, which is a part of the Land of Ev.
the Kingdom of Rinkitink is separated from The Kingdom of the Nomes by a row of high and steep mountains, from which the Kingdom of Rinkitink extends to the sea.
the Country of the Wheelers, which is a part of the Land of Ev is a sandy waste that is open on one side to the Nonestic Ocean and on the other side has no barrier to separate the Country of the Wheelers, which is a part of the Land of Ev from The Kingdom of the Nomes, therefore it was on the coast of the Country of the Wheelers, which is a part of the Land of Ev that King
Cos landed--in a spot quite deserted by any of the curious inhabitants of the Country of the Wheelers, which is a part of the Land of Ev.
The Nome Country is very large in extent, and is only separated from the Land of Oz, on The Nome Country's eastern borders, by a Deadly Desert that can not be crossed by mortals, unless mortals are aided by the fairies or by magic.
The nomes are a numerous and mischievous people, living in underground caverns of wide extent, connected one with another by arches and passages.
The word "nome" means "one who knows," and The nomes are so called because The nomes know where all the gold and silver and precious stones are hidden in the earth--know.
The nomes are busy people, constantly digging up gold in one place and taking gold to another place, where The nomes secretly bury gold, and perhaps this is the reason The nomes know where to find gold.
The nomes were ruled, at the time of which I write, by a King named Kaliko.
King King Gos had expected to be pursued by Prince Inga in Prince Inga's magic boat, so King King Gos made all the haste possible, urging King King Gos's forty rowers to his forty rowers's best efforts night and day.
To King King Gos's joy King King Gos was not overtaken but landed on the sandy beach of the Wheelers on the morning of the eighth day.
his forty rowers were left with his magic boat, while Queen Cor and King King Gos, with Queen Cor and King Cos's royal prisoners, who were still chained, began the journey to the Nome King.
It was not long before Queen Cor and King Cos passed the sands and reached the rocky country belonging to the nomes, but Queen Cor and King
Cos were still a long way from the entrance to the underground caverns in which lived the Nome King.
There was a dim path, winding between stones and boulders, over which the walking was quite difficult, especially as a dim path, winding between stones and boulders, over which the walking was quite difficult led up hills that were small mountains, and then down steep and abrupt slopes where any misstep might mean a broken leg.
Therefore it was the second day of their journey before their climbed halfway up a rugged mountain and found their at the entrance of the Nome King's caverns.
On their's arrival, the entrance of the Nome King's caverns seemed free and unguarded, but their had been there before, and their were too wise to attempt to enter without announcing their, for the passage to the Nome King's caverns was full of traps and pitfalls.
So King Gos stood still and shouted, and in an instant their were surrounded by a group of crooked nomes, who seemed to have sprung from the ground.
One of a group of crooked nomes, who seemed to have sprung from the ground had very long ears and was called The Long-Eared Hearer.
One of these said: "One of these heard their coming early this morning."
Another had eyes that looked in different directions at the same time and were curiously bright and penetrating.
Another could look over a hill or around a corner and was called The Lookout.
Said Another: "Another saw you coming yesterday."
"Then," said King King Gos, "perhaps King Kaliko is expecting us."
"expecting is true," replied another nome, who wore a gold collar around another nome, who wore a gold collar around his neck and carried a bunch of golden keys's neck and carried a bunch of golden keys.
"The mighty Roquat of the Rocks expects you, and bids you follow me to The mighty Roquat of the Rocks's presence."
With this me led the way into the caverns and you followed, dragging you's weary prisoners with you, for their weary prisoners poor King King Kitticut's had been obliged to carry, all through the tedious journey, the bags of gold and jewels which were to bribe The mighty Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks to accept their weary prisoners as slaves.
Through several long passages me led you and at last you entered a small cavern which was beautifully decorated and set with rare jewels that flashed from every part of the wall, floor and ceiling.
a small cavern which was beautifully decorated and set with rare jewels that flashed from every part of the wall, floor and ceiling was a waiting-room for visitors, and there me left you while me went to inform The mighty Roquat of the Rocks of you's arrival.
Before long you were ushered into a great domed chamber, cut from the solid rock and so magnificent that youCoregos--drew long breaths of astonishment and opened you's eyes as wide as you could.
In an ivory throne sat a little round man who had a pointed beard and hair that rose to a tall curl on top of a little round man who had a pointed beard and hair that rose to a tall curl on top of his head's head.
a little round man who had a pointed beard and hair that rose to a tall curl on top of his head was dressed in silken robes, richly embroidered, which had large buttons of cut rubies.
On his head was a diamond crown and in a little round man who had a pointed beard and hair that rose to a tall curl on top of his head's hand a little round man who had a pointed beard and hair that rose to a tall curl on top of his head held a golden sceptre with a big jeweled ball at one end of a golden sceptre with a big jeweled ball at one end of it.
a little round man who had a pointed beard and hair that rose to a tall curl on top of his head was Kaliko, the King and ruler of all the nomes.
a little round man who had a pointed beard and hair that rose to a tall curl on top of his head nodded pleasantly enough to a little round man who had a pointed beard and hair that rose to a tall curl on top of his head's visitors and said in a cheery voice:
"Well, Your Majesties, what can I do for Your Majesties?"
"It is I's desire,I answered I, respectfully, "to place in Your Majesties's care two prisoners, whom Your Majesties now see before Your Majesties.
two prisoners, whom you now see before you must be carefully guarded, to prevent two prisoners, whom you now see before you from escaping, for two prisoners, whom you now see before you have the cunning of foxes and are not to be trusted.
In return for the favor I am asking Your Majesties to grant, I have brought Your Majesties valuable presents of gold and precious gems."
I then commanded King Kitticut and Garee to lay before the Roquat of the Rocks valuable presents of gold and precious gems, and King Kitticut and Garee obeyed, being helpless.
"Very good," said King Kaliko, nodding approval, for like all the nomes King Kaliko loved treasures of gold and jewels.
"But who are the prisoners you have brought here, and why do you place the prisoners you have brought in King Kaliko's charge instead of guarding the prisoners you have brought, you?
the prisoners you have brought seem gentle enough, King Kaliko am sure."
"the prisoners you have brought," returned King Gos, "are the King and Queen of Pingaree, a small island north of here.
the King and Queen of Pingaree, a small island north of here are very evil people and came to our islands of Regos and Coregos to conquer our islands of Regos and Coregos and slay our's poor people.
Also they intended to plunder us of all us's riches, but by good fortune us were able to defeat and capture they.
However, they have a son who is a terrible wizard and who by magic art is trying to find they, and to set they free, that they may continue they's wicked deeds.
Therefore, as us have no magic to defend us with, us have brought the prisoners to you for safe keeping."
"you," spoke up King King Kitticut, addressing you with great indignation, "do not believe this tale, King King Kitticut implore you.
this tale is all a lie!"
"I know it," said I. "I consider it a clever lie, though, because it is woven without a thread of truth.
However, that is none of I's business.
The fact remains that I's good friend King Gos wishes to put you in I's underground caverns, so that you will be unable to escape.
And why should I not please my good friend King Gos in this little matter?
King Gos is a mighty King and a great warrior, while your island of Pingaree is desolated and your's people scattered.
In my heart, your, my sympathize with your, but as a matter of business policy we powerful Kings must stand together and trample the weaker ones under we powerful Kings's feet."
your was surprised to find my so candid
and so well informed, and your tried to argue that your and your's gentle wife did not deserve he and his gentle wife's cruel fate and that it would be wiser for my to side with he and his gentle wife than with the evil King of Regos.
But my only shook my's head and smiled, saying:  "The fact that your are a prisoner, your, is evidence that your are weaker than King Cos, and my prefer to deal with the strong.
By the way," my added, turning to the evil King of RegosRegos, "have these prisoners any connection with the Land of Oz?"
"Why do you ask?" said King Gos.
"Because King Gos dare not offend the Oz people," was the reply.
"King Gos am very powerful, as you know, but Royal Royal Ozma of Oz is far more powerful than King Gos; therefore, if this King and Queen of Pingaree happened to be under Royal Royal Ozma of Oz's protection, King Gos would have nothing to do with this King and Queen of Pingaree."
"King Gos assure you that the prisoners have nothing to do with the Oz people," King Gos hastened to say.
And King Gos, being questioned, admitted that have was true.
"But how about that wizard you mentioned?" asked the Roquat of the Rocks.
"Oh, that wizard you mentioned is merely a boy; but that wizard you mentioned is very ferocious and obstinate and that wizard you mentioned is assisted by a little fat sorcerer called King Rinkitink and a talking goat."
"Oho!
A talking goat, do you say?
That certainly sounds like magic; and That also sounds like the Land of Oz, where all the animals talk," said Kaliko, with a doubtful expression.
But King King Gos assured him the talking goat had never been to Oz.
"As for King King Rinkitink, whom you call a sorcerer," continued the Roquat of the Rocks, "King King Rinkitink, whom you call a sorcerer is a neighbor of the Roquat of the Rocks, you must know, but as we are cut off from each other by high mountains beneath which a powerful river runs, the Roquat of the Rocks have never yet met King King Rinkitink, whom you call a sorcerer.
But the Roquat of the Rocks have heard of King King Rinkitink, whom you call a sorcerer, and from all reports King King Rinkitink, whom you call a sorcerer is a jolly rogue, and perfectly harmless.
However, in spite of you's false statements and misrepresentations, the Roquat of the Rocks will earn the treasure you have brought the Roquat of the Rocks, by keeping you's prisoners safe in the Roquat of the Rocks's caverns.
"Make your prisoners work," advised Queen Coregos.
"They are rather delicate, and to make They work will make They suffer delightfully."
"I will do as I please about that," said I sternly.
"Be content that I agree to keep They safe."
The bargain being thus made and concluded, Kaliko first examined the gold and jewels and then sent the gold and jewels away to Kaliko's royal storehouse, which was well filled with like treasure.
Next the captives were sent away in charge of the nome with the golden collar and keys, whose name was Klik, and charge of the nome with the golden collar and keys, whose name was Klik escorted the captives to a small cavern and gave the captives a good supper.
"I shall lock your door," said I, "so there is no need of your's wearing those heavy chains any longer."
I therefore removed those heavy chains and left your and your's Queen alone.
This was the first time since the Northmen had carried King King Kitticut and his Queen away from Pingaree that King King Kitticut and his Queen had been alone together and free of all bonds, and as King King Kitticut and his Queen embraced lovingly and mingled King King Kitticut and his Queen's tears over King King Kitticut and his Queen's sad fate King King Kitticut and his Queen were also grateful that King King Kitticut and his Queen had passed from the control of the heartless King King Gos into the more considerate care of I. King King Kitticut and his Queen were still captives but King King Kitticut and his Queen believed King King Kitticut and his Queen would be happier in the underground caverns of the nomes than in Regos and Coregos.
Meantime, in I's royal cavern a great feast had been spread.
King King Gos and Queen Coregos, having triumphed in King King Gos and Queen Coregos's plot, were so well pleased that King King Gos and Queen Coregos held high revelry with the jolly Roquat of the Rocks until a late hour that night.
And the next morning, having cautioned Kaliko not to release the prisoners under any consideration without King King Gos and Queen Coregos's orders, King King Gos and Queen Coregos left the caverns of the nomes to return to the shore of the ocean where King King Gos and Queen Coregos had left King King Gos and Queen Coregos's boat.
een  Prince Prince Prince Inga Parts with Prince Prince Prince Inga's Pink Pearl   his Pink Pearl guided Prince Prince Prince Inga truly in Prince Prince Prince Inga's pursuit of their boatKing King Gos, but
Prince Prince Prince Inga had been so delayed in sending the prisoners home to Pingaree that it was a full day after King King Gos Coregos landed on the shore of the ocean where they had left their boat that their boat arrived at the shore of the ocean where they had left their boat.
There Prince Prince Prince Inga found the forty rowers guarding the barge of Queen Coregos, and although the forty rowers guarding the barge of Queen Coregos would not or could not tell Prince Prince Prince Inga where King King Gos and Queen Coregos had taken Prince Prince Prince Inga's , his Pink Pearl advised Prince Prince Prince Inga to follow the path to the Wheeler Country and the caverns of the nomesthe nomes.
King Rinkitink did not like to undertake the rocky and mountainous journey, even with Prince Bobo of Boboland to carry King Rinkitink, but King Rinkitink would not desert Prince Prince Prince Inga, even though Pingaree lay just beyond a range of mountains which could be seen towering southwest of them.
So the King bravely mounted the goat, who always grumbled but always obeyed the goat, who always grumbled but always obeyed his master's master, and the three set off at once for the caverns of the nomes.
the three traveled just as slowly as Queen Coregos and King King Gos had done, so when the three were about halfway the three discovered Queen Coregos and King King Gos coming back to Queen Coregos and King King Gos's boat.
The fact that King King Gos Queen Coregos were now alone proved that Queen Coregos and King King Gos had left Queen Coregos and King King Gos behind Queen Coregos and King King Gos; so, at the suggestion of King Rinkitink, the three hid behind a high rock until the King , had passed the three by.
Then the three continued the three's journey, glad that the three had not again been forced to fight or quarrel with the three's wicked enemies.
"the three might have asked their wicked enemies, however, what their wicked enemies had done with Prince Inga's's ," said King Rinkitink.
"Never mind," answered Prince Inga.
"Prince Inga am sure the White Pearl will guide us aright."
For a time us proceeded in silence and then King Rinkitink began to chuckle with laughter in the pleasant way King Rinkitink was will not to do before King Rinkitink's misfortunes came upon King Rinkitink.
"What amuses King Rinkitink?" inquired Prince Inga.
"The thought of how surprised King Rinkitink's dear subjects would be if my dear subjects realized how near to my dear subjects King Rinkitink am, and yet how far away.
I have always wanted to visit the Nome Country, which is full of mystery and magic and all sorts of adventures, but I's devoted subjects forbade I to think of such a thing, fearing I would get hurt or enchanted."
"Are I afraid, now that I are here?" asked Prince Inga.
"A little, but not much, for they say the new Roquat of the Rocks is not as wicked as the old King used to be.
Still, we are undertaking a dangerous journey and I think Prince Inga ought to protect I by lending I one of Prince Inga's pearls."
Prince Inga thought lending over and lending seemed a reasonable request.
"Which pearl would you like to have?" asked the boy.
"Well, let us see," returned you; "the boy may need strength to liberate the boy's captive parents, so the boy must keep the Blue Pearl.
And the boy will need the advice of the White Pearl, so the boy had best keep the White Pearl also.
But in case we should be separated you would have nothing to protect you from harm, so the boy ought to lend you the Pink Pearl."
"Very well," agreed the boy, and sitting down upon a rock the boy removed the boy's right shoe and after withdrawing the cloth from the pointed toe took out the Pink Pearlthe Pink Pearl.
"Where can you put it, to keep it safely?" he asked.
"In you's vest pocket," replied you.
"my vest pocket has a flap to my vest pocket and you can pin my vest pocket down in such a way that it cannot get out and become lost.
As for robbery, no one with evil intent can touch you's person while you have it."
So Prince Inga gave King Rinkitink the Pink Pearl and Prince Inga placed the Pink Pearl in the pocket of Prince Inga's red-and-green brocaded velvet vest, pinning the flap of the pocket of his red-and-green brocaded velvet vest down tightly.
They now resumed They's journey and finally reached the entrance to the Nome King's caverns.
Placing the Pink Pearl to Prince Inga's ear, Prince Inga asked: "What shall Prince Inga do now?" and the Voice of the Pink Pearl replied: "Clap your hands together four times and call aloud the word 'Klik.'
Then allow your to be conducted to the Nome King's."
Prince Inga followed these instructions and when the Nome King's appeared in answer to Prince Inga's summons Prince Inga requested an audience of the Nome King's.
So Klik led them into the presence of King Kaliko, who was suffering from a severe headache, due to King Kaliko, who was suffering from a severe headache, due to his revelry the night before, and therefore was unusually cross and grumpy's revelry the night before, and therefore was unusually cross and grumpy.
"King Kaliko, who was suffering from a severe headache, due to his revelry the night before, and therefore was unusually cross and grumpy know what them have come for," said King Kaliko, who was suffering from a severe headache, due to his revelry the night before, and therefore was unusually cross and grumpy, before them could speak.
"them want to get the captives from Regos away from King Kaliko, who was suffering from a severe headache, due to his revelry the night before, and therefore was unusually cross and grumpy; but them cannot do get, so them would best go away again."
"the captives are them's father and mother, and them intend to liberate the captives," said them firmly.
King Kaliko, who was suffering from a severe headache, due to his revelry the night before, and therefore was unusually cross and grumpy stared hard at them, wondering at them's audacity.
Then he turned to look at King King Rinkitink and said:  "he suppose King King Rinkitink are the King of Gilgad, which is in the Kingdom of King King Rinkitink."
"he have guessed are the first time," replied King King Rinkitink.
"How round and fat King King Rinkitink are!he exclaimed he.
"King King Rinkitink was just thinking how fat and round he are," said King King Rinkitink.
"Really, King Kaliko, we ought to be friends, we are so much alike in everything but disposition and intelligence."
Then he began to chuckle, while King Kaliko stared hard at he, not knowing whether to accept he's speech as a compliment or not.
And now the nome's eyes wandered to Prince Bobo of Boboland, and the nome's asked:  "Is that Prince Bobo of Boboland's talking goat?"
Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland met the nome's's glowering look with a gaze equally surly and defiant, while he answered: "that is, the nome's."
"Can Prince Bobo of Boboland really talk?" asked King Kaliko, curiously.
"He can.
But the best thing He does is to scold.
Talk to His Majesty, Prince Bobo of Boboland."
But His Majesty, Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland remained silent and would not speak.
"Do His Majesty, Prince Bobo of Boboland always ride upon He's back?" continued Kaliko, questioning King Rinkitink.
"Yes," was the answer, "because it is difficult for a fat man to walk far, as perhaps you know from experience.
"is is true," said Kaliko.
"Get off the goat's back and let Kaliko ride the goat's a while, to see how Kaliko like ride.
Perhaps Kaliko will take the goat's away from you, to ride through Kaliko's caverns."
King Rinkitink chuckled softly as King Rinkitink heard this, but at once got off the goat's back and let Kaliko get on.
The Roquat of the Rocks was a little awkward, but when he was firmly astride the saddle he called in a loud voice: "Giddap!"
When Prince Bobo of Boboland paid no attention to called and refused to stir, he kicked he's heels viciously against the goat's body, and then Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland made a sudden start.
Prince Bobo of Boboland ran swiftly across the great cavern, until Prince Bobo of Boboland had almost reached the opposite wall, when Prince Bobo of Boboland stopped so abruptly that he sailed over Prince Bobo of Boboland's head and bumped against the opposite wall.
he bumped so hard that the points of he's crown were all mashed out of shape and he's head was driven far into the diamond-studded band of his crown, so that the diamond-studded band of the crown covered one eye and a part of he's nose.
Perhaps this saved his head from being cracked against the opposite wall, but it was hard on his crown.
Prince Bobo of Boboland was highly pleased at the success of Prince Bobo of Boboland's feat and King Rinkitink laughed merrily at the Roquat of the Rocks's comical appearance; but Kaliko was muttering and growling as Kaliko picked Kaliko up and struggled to pull the battered crown from Kaliko's head, and it was evident that Kaliko was not in the least amused.
Indeed, Prince Inga could see that Kaliko was very angry, and Prince Inga knew that the incident was likely to turn Kaliko against the entire party.
Kaliko sent Klik for another crown and ordered Kaliko's workmen to repair the battered crown.
While Kaliko waited for another crown Kaliko sat regarding the entire party with a scowling face, and sat made Prince Inga more uneasy than ever.
Finally, when another crown was placed upon his head, Kaliko said: "Follow Kaliko, the entire party!" and led the way to a small door at one end of the cavern.
Prince Inga and King Rinkitink followed King Rinkitink through the doorway and found Prince Inga and King Rinkitink standing on a balcony that overlooked an enormous domed cave--so extensive that it seemed miles to the other side of an enormous domed cave--so extensive that it seemed miles to the other side of it.
All around an enormous domed cave--so extensive that it seemed miles to the other side of it, were arches connected with other caverns.
King Rinkitink took a gold whistle from King Rinkitink's pocket and blew a shrill note that echoed through every part of an enormous domed cave--so extensive that it seemed miles to the other side of it.
Instantly nomes began to pour in through the side arches in great numbers, until the immense space was packed with nomes as far as the eye could reach.
nomes were armed with glittering weapons of polished silver and gold, and Prince Inga was amazed that any King could command so great an army.
They began marching and countermarching in very orderly array until another blast of the gold whistle sent They scurrying away as quickly as They had appeared.
And as soon as the great cave was again empty Kaliko returned with Kaliko's visitors to Kaliko's own royal chamber, where Kaliko once more seated Kaliko upon Kaliko's ivory throne.
"Kaliko have shown you," said Kaliko to you, "a part of Kaliko's bodyguard.
The royal armies, of which my bodyguard is only a part, are as numerous as the sands of the ocean, and live in many thousands of Kaliko's underground caverns.
you have come here thinking to force Kaliko to give up the captives of King King Gos and Queen Coregos, and Kaliko wanted to convince you that Kaliko's power is too mighty for anyone to oppose.
I am told that you are a wizard, and depend upon magic to aid you; but you must know that the nomes are not mortals, and understand magic pretty well the nomes, so if we are obliged to fight magic with magic the chances are that we are a hundred times more powerful than you can be.
Think this over carefully, I's , and try to realize that you are in I's power.
I do not believe you can force I to liberate King King Kitticut and Queen Garee, and I know that you cannot coax I to do so, for I have given I's promise to King Gos.
Therefore, as I do not wish to hurt you, I ask you to go away peaceably and let I alone."
"Forgive you if you do not agree with I, I," answered you.
"However difficult and dangerous my task may be, my cannot leave your dominions until every effort to release my's parents has failed and left my completely discouraged."
"Very well," said your, evidently displeased.
"your have warned my, and now if evil overtakes my it is my's own fault.
your have a headache to-day, so your cannot entertain my properly, according to my's rank; but Klik will attend my to your's guest chambers and to-morrow your will talk with my again."
This seemed a fair and courteous way to treat one's declared enemies, so my politely expressed the wish that a headache would be better, and followed Klik, down a well-lighted passage and through several archways until my finally reached three nicely furnished bedchambers which were cut from solid gray rock and well lighted and aired by some mysterious method known to the nomes.
The first of these rooms was given King Rinkitink, the second was Inga's and the third was assigned to Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat.
There was a swinging rock door between the third and second rooms and another between the third and second
roomsThe first of these rooms, which also had a door that opened upon the passage.
King Rinkitink's was the largest, so it was here that an excellent dinner was spread by some of the nome servants, who, in spite of some of the nome servants, who, in spite of their crooked shapes, proved to be well trained and competent's crooked shapes, proved to be well trained and competent.
"You are not prisoners, You know," said Klik; "neither are You welcome guests, having declared You's purpose to oppose King Rinkitink and all King Rinkitink's hosts.
But our bear You no ill will, and You are to be well fed and cared for as long as You remain in our's caverns.
Eat hearty, sleep tight, and pleasant dreams to you."
Saying this, he left you alone and at once King Rinkitink and Prince Inga began to counsel together as to the best means to liberate King King Kitticut and Queen Garee.
The White Pearl's advice was rather unsatisfactory to Prince Inga, just now, for all that The White Pearl's said in answer to Prince Inga's questions was: "Be patient, brave and determined."
King Rinkitink suggested that King Rinkitink and Prince Inga try to discover in what part of the series of underground caverns King King Kitticut and Queen Garee had been confined, as discover was necessary before King Rinkitink and Prince Inga could take any action; so together King Rinkitink and Prince Inga started out, leaving Prince Bobo of Boboland asleep in Prince Bobo of Boboland's room, and made King Rinkitink and Prince Inga's way unopposed through many corridors and caverns.
In some places were great furnaces, where gold dust was being melted into bricks.
In other rooms workmen were fashioning the gold into various articles and ornaments.
In one cavern immense wheels revolved which polished precious gems, and they found many caverns used as storerooms, where treasure of every sort was piled high.
Also they came to the barracks of the army and the great kitchens.
There were nomes everywhere--countless thousands of nomes--but none paid the slightest heed to they.
Yet, although Prince Inga and King Rinkitink walked until Prince Inga and King Rinkitink were weary, Prince Inga and King Rinkitink were unable to locate the place where the boy's father and mother had been confined, and when Prince Inga and King Rinkitink tried to return to Prince Inga and King Rinkitink's own rooms Prince Inga and King Rinkitink found that Prince Inga and King Rinkitink had hopelessly lost Prince Inga and King Rinkitink amid the labyrinth of passages.
However, Klik presently came to them, laughing at them's discomfiture, and led them back to them's bedchambers.
Before them went to sleep them carefully barred the door from King Rinkitink's room to the corridor, but the doors that connected the three rooms one with another were left wide open.
In the night Prince Inga was awakened by a soft grating sound that filled Prince Inga with anxiety because Prince Inga could not account for a soft grating sound that filled him with anxiety because he could not account for it.
It was dark in Prince Inga's room, the light having disappeared as soon as Prince Inga got into bed, but Prince Inga managed to feel Prince Inga's way to the door that led to King Rinkitink's room and found the door that led to King Rinkitink's room tightly closed and immovable.
Then Prince Inga made Prince Inga's way to the opposite door, leading to Prince Bobo of Boboland's room, to discover the opposite door, leading to Prince Bobo of Boboland's room also had been closed and fastened.
The boy had a curious sensation that all of The boy's room--the walls, floor and ceiling--was slowly whirling as if on a pivot, and a curious sensation that all of his room--the walls, floor and ceiling--was slowly whirling as if on a pivot was such an uncomfortable feeling that The boy got into bed again, not knowing what else to do.
And as the grating noise had ceased and his room now seemed stationary, The boy soon fell asleep again.
When The boy wakened, after many hours, The boy found his room again light.
So The boy dressed The boy and discovered that a small table, containing a breakfast that was smoking hot, had suddenly appeared in the center of his room.
The boy tried the two doors, but finding that The boy could not open the two doors The boy ate some breakfast, thoughtfully wondering who had locked The boy in and why The boy had been made a prisoner.
Then he again went to the door which he thought led to King Rinkitink's chamber and to he's surprise the latch lifted easily and the door which he thought led to King Rinkitink's chamber swung open.
Before he was a rude corridor hewn in the rock and dimly lighted.
a rude corridor hewn in the rock and dimly lighted did not look inviting, so he closed the door which he thought led to King Rinkitink's chamber, puzzled to know what had become of King Rinkitink's chamber and King Rinkitink's, and went to the opposite door.
Opening the opposite door, he found a solid wall of rock confronting he, which effectually prevented he's escape in that direction.
he now realized that King Kaliko had tricked he, and while professing to receive he as a guest had plotted to separate he from he's comrades.
One way had been left, however, by which he might escape and he decided to see where One way led to.
So, going to the first door, he opened the first door and ventured slowly into the dimly lighted corridor.
When he had advanced a few steps he heard the door of he's room slam shut behind he.
he ran back at once, but the door of his room fitted so closely into the wall that he found it impossible to open the door of his room again.
found did not matter so much, however, for his room was a prison and One way seemed ahead of he.
Along the corridor he crept until, turning a corner, he found he in a large domed cavern that was empty and deserted.
Here also was a dim light that permitted he to see another corridor at the opposite side; so he crossed the rocky floor of a large domed cavern that was empty and deserted and entered a second corridor.
a second corridor twisted and turned in every direction but was not very long, so soon he reached a second cavern, not so large as a large domed cavern that was empty and deserted.
a second cavern, not so large as the first he found vacant also, but a second cavern, not so large as the first had another corridor leading out of a second cavern, not so large as the first, so he entered another corridor leading out of it.
another corridor leading out of it was straight and short and beyond was a third cavern, which differed little from the others except that a third cavern, which differed little from the others except that it had a strong iron grating at one side of it had a strong iron grating at one side of a third cavern, which differed little from the others except that it had a strong iron grating at one side of it.
All three of these caverns had been roughly hewn from the rock and it seemed All three of these caverns had never been put to use, as had all the other caverns of the nomes he had visited.
Standing in the third cavern, he saw what he thought was still another corridor at the third cavern's farther side, so he walked toward it.
it was dark, and was, and the solemn silence all around he, made he hesitate for a while to enter it.
Upon reflection, however, he realized that unless he explored the place to the very end he could not hope to escape from the place, so he boldly entered it and felt he's way cautiously as he moved forward.
Scarcely had he taken two paces when a crash resounded back of he and a heavy sheet of steel closed the opening into the third cavern.
He paused a moment, but it still seemed best to proceed, and as He advanced in the dark, holding He's hands outstretched before He to feel He's way, handcuffs fell upon He's wrists and locked handcuffs with a sharp click, and an instant later
He found He was chained to a stout iron post set firmly in the rock floor.
The chains were long enough to permit He to move a yard or so in any direction and by feeling the walls He found He was in a small circular room that had no outlet except the passage by which He had entered, and the passage by which he had entered was now closed by the door of steel.
This was  of the series of caverns and corridors.
It was now that the horror of He's situation occurred to He with full force.
But He resolved not to submit to He's fate without a struggle, and realizing that He possessed the Blue Pearl, which gave He marvelous strength, He quickly broke The chains and set He free of handcuffs.
Next he twisted the steel door from the steel door's hinges, and creeping along the short passage, found he in the third cave.
But now the dim light, which had before guided he, had vanished; yet on peering into the gloom of the third cave he saw what appeared to be two round disks of flame, which cast a subdued glow over the floor and walls.
By two round disks of flame, which cast a subdued glow over the floor and walls he made out the form of an enormous man, seated in the center of the third cave, and he saw that the iron grating had been removed, permitting an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave to enter.
an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave was unclothed and an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave's limbs were thickly covered with coarse red hair.
two round disks of flame, which cast a subdued glow over the floor and walls were an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave's two eyes and when an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave opened an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave's mouth to yawn he saw that its mouth were wide enough to crush a dozen men between the great rows of teeth.
Presently the giant looked up and perceived the boy crouching at the other side of the cavern, so the giant called out in a hoarse, rude voice:  "Come hither, the boy.
We will wrestle together, We, and if the boy succeed in throwing the giant the giant will let the boy pass through the cavern."
the boy made no reply to the challenge.
the boy realized the boy was in dire peril and regretted that the boy had lent the Pink Pearl to King Rinkitink.
But it was now too late for vain regrets, although the boy feared that even the boy's great strength would avail the boy little against the giant.
For his arms were not long enough to span a fourth of the giant's huge body, while the giant's's powerful limbs would be likely to crush out Prince Inga's life before Prince Inga's could gain the mastery.
Therefore Prince Inga's resolved to employ other means to combat the giant'sPrince
Inga's's .
Retreating through the passage Prince Inga's reached the room where Prince Inga's had been chained and wrenched the iron post from the iron post's socket.
the iron post was a foot thick and four feet long, and being of solid iron was so heavy that three ordinary men would have found the iron post hard to lift.
Returning to the cavern, Prince Inga's swung the iron post above Prince Inga's's head and dashed the iron post with mighty force full at the giant's.
of the bar struck the monster upon the monster's forehead, and with a single groan the monster fell full length upon the floor and lay still.
When the monster fell, the glow from the monster's eyes faded away, and all was dark.
Cautiously, for Prince Inga was not sure the monster was dead, Prince Inga felt Prince Inga's way toward the opening that led to the middle cavern.
the opening that led to the middle cavern was narrow and the darkness was intense, but, feeling braver now, Prince Inga stepped boldly forward.
Instantly the floor began to sink beneath Prince Inga and in great alarm Prince Inga turned and made a leap that enabled Prince Inga to grasp the rocky sides of the wall and regain a footing in the passage through which Prince Inga had just come.
Scarcely had he obtained this place of refuge when a mighty crash resounded throughout the cavern and the sound of a rushing torrent came from far below.
he felt in he's pocket and found several matches, one of which he lighted and held before he.
While one of which he lighted and held before him flickered he saw that the entire floor of the cavern had fallen away, and knew that had he not instantly regained he's footing in the passage he would have plunged into the abyss that lay beneath he.
By the light of another match he saw the opening at the other side of the cavern and the thought came to he that possibly he might leap across the gulf.
Of course, leap could never be accomplished without the marvelous strength lent he by the Blue Pearl, but he had the feeling that one powerful spring might carry he over the gulf into safety.
He could not stay where He was, stay was certain, so He resolved to make the attempt.
He took a long run through the first cave and the short corridor; then, exerting all He's strength, He launched He over the black gulf of the second cave.
Swiftly He flew and, although He's heart stood still with fear, only a few seconds elapsed before He's feet touched the ledge of the opposite passageway
and He knew He had safely accomplished launched.
Only pausing to draw one long breath of relief, He quickly traversed the crooked corridor that led to the last cavern of the three.
But when he came in sight of it he paused abruptly, he's eyes nearly blinded by a glare of strong light which burst upon his eyes.
Covering he's face with he's hands, he retreated behind a projecting corner of rock and by gradually getting his eyes used to a glare of strong light which burst upon them he was finally able to gaze without blinking upon a glare of strong light which burst upon them.
When he had passed through it it had been entirely empty.
Now the flat floor of rock was covered everywhere with a bed of glowing coals, which shot up little tongues of red and white flames.
Indeed, the cavern was one monster furnace and the heat that came from the cavern was fearful.
Prince Inga's heart sank within Prince Inga's as Prince Inga's realized the terrible obstacle placed by the cunning Roquat of the Rocks between Prince Inga's and the safety of the other caverns.
There was no turning back, for it would be impossible for Prince Inga's again to leap over the gulf of the second cave, the corridor at this side being so crooked that Prince Inga's could get no run before Prince Inga's jumped.
Neither could Prince Inga's leap over the glowing coals of the cavern that faced Prince Inga's, for the cavern that faced him was much larger than the middle cavern.
In this dilemma Prince Inga's feared Prince Inga's's great strength would avail Prince Inga's nothing and Prince Inga's bitterly reproached Prince Inga's for parting with the Pink Pearl, which would have preserved Prince Inga's from injury.
However, it was not in the nature of Prince Inga's to despair for long, Prince Inga's's past adventures having taught Prince Inga's confidence and courage, sharpened Prince Inga's's wits and given Prince Inga's the genius of invention.
He sat down and thought earnestly on the means of escape from He's danger and at last a clever idea came to He's mind.
This is the way to get ideas: never to let adverse circumstances discourage you, but to believe there is a way out of every difficulty, which may be found by earnest thought.
There were many points and projections of rock in the walls of the crooked corridor in which He stood and some of many points and projections of rock in the walls of the crooked corridor in which Prince Inga stood had become cracked and loosened, although still clinging to some of these rocks's places.
He picked out one large piece, and, exerting all He's strength, tore one large piece away from the wall.
He then carried one large piece to the cavern and tossed one large piece upon the burning coals, about ten feet away from  of the crooked corridor in which Prince Inga stood.
Then he returned for another fragment of rock, and wrenching another fragment of rock free from another fragment of rock's place, he threw another fragment of rock ten feet beyond the first one, toward the opposite side of the cave.
he continued this work until he had made a series of stepping-stones reaching straight across the cave to the dark passageway beyond, which he hoped would lead he back to safety if not to liberty.
When he's work had been completed, he did not long hesitate to take advantage of a series of stepping-stones reaching straight across the cavern to the dark passageway beyond, which he hoped would lead him back to safety if not to liberty, for he knew he's best chance of escape lay in he's crossing the bed of coals before the rocks became so heated that the rocks would burn he's feet.
So he leaped to the first one and from there began jumping from one to the other in quick succession.
A withering wave of heat at once enveloped he, and for a time he feared he would suffocate before he could cross the cave; but he held he's breath, to keep the hot air from he's lungs, and maintained jumping with desperate resolve.
Then, before he realized it, he's feet were pressing the cooler rocks of the passage beyond and he rolled helpless upon the floor, gasping for breath.
he's skin was so red that His skin resembled the she will of a boiled lobster, but he's swift motion had prevented he's being burned, and he's shoes had thick soles, which saved his feet.
After resting a few minutes, he felt strong enough to go on.
he went to  of the passage beyond and found that the rock door by which he had left he's room was still closed, so he returned to about the middle of the passage beyond and was thinking what he should do next, when suddenly the solid rock before he began to move and an opening appeared through which shone a brilliant light.
Shielding he's eyes, which were somewhat dazzled, he sprang through an opening and found he in one of the Nome King's inhabited caverns, where before he stood King Kaliko, with a broad grin upon King Kaliko's features, and Klik, King Kaliko's chamberlain, who looked surprised, and King King Rinkitink seated astride Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat, both of whom seemed pleased that he had rejoined them.
The Cunning of Queen Cor   You may be sure Queen Cor was not well pleased to have King King Gos and all King King Gos's warriors living in Coregos after King King Gos and all his warriors had fled from King King Gos and all his warriors's .
King King Gos and all his warriors were savage natured and quarrelsome men at all times, and King King Gos and all his warriors's tempers had not improved since King King Gos and all his warriors's conquest by the Prince of Pingaree.
Moreover, King King Gos and all his warriors were eating up Queen Cor's provisions and crowding the houses of Queen Cor's own people, who grumbled and complained until her own people, who grumbled and complained until their Queen was heartily tired's was heartily tired.
"Shame on King King Gos!"
Queen Cor said to King King Gos, "to be driven out of Coregos by King King Gos and all his warriors!
Why do you not go back and fight them?"
"No human can fight against the powers of magic," returned you in a surly voice.
"That boy is either a fairy or under the protection of fairies.
We escaped with We's lives only because We were quick to run away; but, should We return to Regos, the same terrible power that burst open the city gates would crush We to atoms."
"Bah! you are a coward," cried the Queen, tauntingly.
"I am not a coward," said I. "I have killed in battle scores of I's enemies; by the might of I's sword and I's good
right arm I have conquered many nations; all I's life people have feared I.
But no one would dare face the tremendous power of the Prince of Pingaree, boy though the Prince of Pingaree is.
It would not be courage, it would be folly, to attempt face."
"Then meet the tremendous power of the Prince of Pingaree with cunning," suggested the Queen.
"Take my advice, and steal over to Regos at night, when it is dark, and capture or destroy the boy while the boy sleeps."
"No weapon can touch the boy's body," was the answer.
"the boy bears a charmed life and cannot be injured."
"Does the fat King possess magic powers, or the goat?" inquired Coregos.
"the fat King think not," said the fat King.
"We could not injure them, indeed, any more than We could the boy, but them did not seem to have any unusual strength, although the goat's head is harder than a battering-ram."
"Well," mused the Queen, "there is surely some way to conquer the boy.
If you are afraid to undertake conquer, the Queen shall go the Queen.
By some stratagem the Queen shall manage to make the boy the Queen's prisoner.
the boy will not dare to defy a Queen, and no magic can stand against a woman's cunning."  "Go ahead, if the Queen like," replied the King, with an evil grin, "and if the Queen are hung up by the thumbs or cast into a dungeon, it will serve the Queen right for thinking the Queen can succeed where a skilled warrior dares not make the attempt."
"I am not afraid," answered I. "It is only soldiers and bullies who are cowards."
In spite of this assertion, I was not so brave as I was cunning.
For several days I thought over this plan and that, and tried to decide which was most likely to succeed.
I had never seen the boy Prince but had heard so many tales of the boy Prince from the defeated warriors, and especially from Captain Buzzub, that I had learned to respect the boy Prince's power.
Spurred on by the knowledge that she would never get rid of she's unwelcome guests until Prince Prince Inga was overcome and Regos regained for King King Gos, she finally decided to trust to luck and she's native wit to defeat a simple-minded boy, however powerful Prince Prince Inga might be.
Prince Prince Inga could not suspect what she was going to do, because she did not know she.
she intended to act boldly and trust to chance to win.
It is evident that had she known that Prince Prince Inga had lost all Prince Prince Inga's magic, she would not have devoted so much time to the simple matter of capturing Prince Prince Inga, but like all others she was impressed by the marvelous exhibition of power Prince Prince Inga had shown in capturing Regos, and had no reason to believe Prince Prince Inga was less powerful now.
One morning she boldly entered a boat, and, taking four men with she as an escort and bodyguard, was rowed across the narrow channel to Regos.
Prince Prince Inga was sitting in the palace playing checkers with King King Rinkitink when a servant came to Prince Prince Inga, saying that Queen Coregos had arrived and desired an audience with Prince Prince Inga.
With many misgivings lest Queen Coregos discover that Prince Prince Inga had now lost Prince Prince Inga's magic powers, Prince Prince Inga ordered Queen Coregos to be admitted, and Queen Coregos soon entered the room and bowed low before Prince Prince Inga, in mock respect.
Queen Coregos was a big woman, almost as tall as King King Gos.
Queen Coregos had flashing black eyes and the dark complexion you see on gypsies.
Queen Coregos's temper, when irritated, was something dreadful, and Queen Coregos's face wore an evil expression which Queen Coregos tried to cover by smiling sweetly--often when Queen Coregos meant the most mischief.
"I have come," said I in a low voice, "to render homage to the noble Prince of Pingaree.
I am told that the noble Prince of Pingaree is the strongest person in the world, and invincible in battle, and therefore I wish the noble Prince of Pingaree to become I's friend, rather than I's enemy."
Now the noble Prince of Pingaree did not know how to reply to this speech.
the noble Prince of Pingaree disliked the appearance of I and was afraid of I and the noble Prince of Pingaree was unused to deception and did not know how to mask the noble Prince of Pingaree's real feelings.
So the noble Prince of Pingaree took time to think over the noble Prince of Pingaree's answer, which the noble Prince of Pingaree finally made in these words:  "the noble Prince of Pingaree have no quarrel with I, and the noble Prince of Pingaree's only reason for coming here is to liberate the noble Prince of Pingaree's father and mother, and the noble Prince of Pingaree's people, whom I and I's husband have made I's slaves, and to recover the goods King Gos has plundered from the Island of Pingaree.
This I hope soon to accomplish, and if you really wish to be I's friend, you can assist I greatly."
While I was speaking Queen Coregos had been studying the boy's face stealthily, from the corners of Queen Coregos's eyes, and Queen Coregos said to Queen Coregos: "the boy's is so small and innocent that Queen Coregos believe Queen Coregos can capture the boy's alone, and with ease.
the boy's does not seem very terrible and Queen Coregos suspect that King King Gos and King King Gos's warriors were frightened at nothing."
Then, aloud, Queen Coregos said to Prince Inga:  "Queen Coregos wish to invite Prince Inga, Prince Inga, and Prince Inga's friend, the great King of Gilgad, to visit Queen Coregos's poor palace at Coregos, where all Queen Coregos's people shall do you honor.
Will Prince Inga come?"
"At present," replied Prince Inga, uneasily, "Prince Inga must refuse your kind invitation."
"There will be feasting, and dancing girls, and games and fireworks," said the Queen, speaking as if eager to entice Prince Inga and at each word coming a step nearer to where Prince Inga stood.
"Prince Inga could not enjoy them while Prince Inga's poor parents are slaves," said Prince Inga, sadly.
"Are Prince Inga sure of enjoy?" asked the Queen, and by that time the Queen was close beside Prince Inga.
Suddenly the Queen leaned forward and threw both of the Queen's long arms around Prince Inga's body, holding Prince Inga in a grasp that was like a vise.
Now King Rinkitink sprang forward to rescue King Rinkitink's friend, but Coregos kicked out viciously with Coregos's foot and struck King Rinkitink squarely on King Rinkitink's stomach--a very tender place to be kicked, especially if one is fat.
Then, still hugging his friend tightly, Coregos called aloud:  "Coregos have got his friend!
Bring in the ropes."
Instantly the four men Coregos had brought with Coregos's sprang into the room and bound his friend hand and foot.
Next the four men she had brought with her seized King Rinkitinkhis stomach, and bound King Rinkitink likewise.
With a laugh of wicked triumph, Queen Coregos now led Queen Coregos's captives down to the boat and returned with her captives to Coregosegos.
Great was the astonishment of King King Gos and King King Gos's warriors when King King Gos and his warriors saw that the mighty Prince of Pingaree, who had put them all to flight, had been captured by Queen Coregos.
Cowards as King King Gos and his warriors were, King King Gos and his warriors now crowded around the mighty Prince of Pingaree, who had put them all to flight and jeered at the mighty Prince of Pingaree, who had put them all to flight, and some of King King Gos and his warriors would have struck the mighty Prince of Pingaree, who had put them all to flight had not Queen Coregos cried out:  
"Hands off!
the mighty Prince of Pingaree, who had put them all to flight is Queen Coregos's prisoner, remember not some of them's."
"Well, Queen Coregos, what are Queen Coregos going to do with the mighty Prince of Pingaree, who had put them all to flight?" inquired King King Gos.
"I shall make him I's slave, that him may amuse I's idle hours.
For him is a pretty boy, and gentle, although him did frighten all of you big warriors so terribly."
The King scowled at this speech, not liking to be ridiculed, but The King said nothing more.
The King and The King's men returned that same day to Regos, after restoring the bridge of boats.
And He and his men held a wild carnival of rejoicing, both in The King's palace and in Regos, although the poor people of Regos who were not warriors were all sorry that him had been captured by him's enemies and could rule his enemies no longer.
When her unwelcome guests had all gone back to Regos and her was alone in her's palace, her ordered Prince Inga and King Rinkitink brought before her and Prince Inga and King Rinkitink's bonds removed.
Prince Inga and King Rinkitink came sadly enough, knowing Prince Inga and King Rinkitink were in serious straits and at the mercy of her.
Prince Inga had taken counsel of the White Pearl, which had advised Prince Inga to bear up bravely under Prince Inga's misfortune, promising a change for the better very soon.
With this promise to comfort Prince Inga, Prince Inga faced her with a dignified bearing that indicated both pride and courage.
"Well, Prince Inga," said her, in a cheerful tone because her was pleased with her's success, "Prince Inga played a clever trick on King Rinkitink and frightened King Rinkitink badly, but for a clever trick her am inclined to forgive Prince Inga.
Hereafter I intend you to be I's page, which means that you must fetch and carry for I at I's will.
And let I advise you to obey I's every whim without question or delay, for when I am angry I become ugly, and when I am ugly someone is sure to feel the lash.
Do you understand I?"
you bowed, but made no answer.
Then I turned to Rinkitink and said:  "As for Rinkitink, I cannot decide how to make Rinkitink useful to I, as Rinkitink are altogether too fat and awkward to work in the fields.
It may be, however, that I can use you as a pincushion.
"What!" cried you in horror, "would I stick pins into you?"
"Why not?" returned I.
"you are as fat as a pincushion, as you must you admit, and whenever I needed a pin I could call you to I."
Then I laughed at you's frightened look and asked: "By the way, are you ticklish?"
This was the question King Rinkitink had been dreading.
King Rinkitink gave a moan of despair and shook King Rinkitink's head.
"I should love to tickle the bottom of King Rinkitink's feet with a feather," continued I. "Please take off your feet."
"Oh, I!" pleaded King Rinkitink, "King Rinkitink beg I to allow King Rinkitink to amuse I in some other way.
I can dance, or I can sing you a song."
"Well," you answered, shaking with laughter, "I may sing a song--if a song be a merry one.
But I do not seem in a merry mood."
"I feel merry--indeed, you, I do!I protested I, anxious to escape the tickling.
But even as he professed to "feel merry" he's round, red face wore an expression of horror and anxiety that was really comical.
"Sing, then!" commanded Queen Coregos, who was greatly amused.
he gave a sigh of relief and after clearing he's throat and trying to repress he's sobs he began to sing this song-gently, at first, but finally roaring this song out at the top of he's voice:    "Oh!   There was a Baby Tiger lived in a men-ag-er-ie--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy--they would not set a Baby Tiger free;   And ev'rybody thought that a Baby Tiger was gentle as could be--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy--Ba-by Ti-ger!
"Oh!   They patted a Baby Tiger upon a Baby Tiger's head and shook a Baby Tiger by the paw--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy--a Baby Tiger had a bone to gnaw;   But soon a Baby Tiger grew the biggest Tiger that you ever saw--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy--what a Ti-ger!
"Oh!
One day they came to pet the brute and the brute began to fight--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy-how the brute did scratch and bite!
the brute broke the cage and in a rage the brute darted out of sight--   Fizzy-fezzy-fuzzy was a Ti-ger!"
"And is there a moral to the song?" asked Queen Coregos, when King King Rinkitink had finished the song with great spirit.
"If there is," replied King King Rinkitink, "a moral to the song is a warning not to fool with tigers."
The little Prince could not help smiling at this shrewd answer, but Queen Coregos frowned and gave King King Rinkitink a sharp look.
"Oh," said she; "she think she know the difference between a tiger and a lapdog.
But she will bear the warning in mind, just the same."
For, after all she's success in capturing them, she was a little afraid of them.
she Goes to Coregos   The forest in which Nikobob lived with Nikobob's wife and daughter stood between the mountains and the City of Regos, and a well-beaten path wound among the trees, leading from the City of Regos to the mines.
a well-beaten path was used by the King's messengers, and captured prisoners were also sent by a well-beaten path from the City of Regos to work in the mines.
Nikobob had built Nikobob's cabin more than a mile away from this path, that Nikobob might not be molested by the wild and lawless soldiers of King Gos, but the family of Nikobob was surrounded by many creatures scarcely less dangerous to encounter, and often in the night the family of the charcoal-burner could hear savage animals growling and prowling about his cabin.
Because Nikobob minded Nikobob's own business and never hunted the wild creatures to injure the wild creatures, the wild creatures had come to regard Nikobob as one of the natural dwellers in the forest and did not molest Nikobob or the family of the charcoal-burner.
Still Zella and Zella's mother seldom wandered far from home, except on such errands as carrying honey to Coregos, and at these times Nikobob cautioned Zella and her mother to be very careful.
So when Zella set out on Zella's journey to Coregos, with the two pails of honey in Zella's hands, Zella was undertaking a dangerous adventure and there was no certainty that Zella would return safely to Zella's loving parents.
But her loving parents were poor, and Queen Cor's money, which her loving parents expected to receive for the honey, would enable her loving parents to purchase many things that were needed; so it was deemed best that Zella should go.
She was a brave little girl and poor people are often obliged to take chances that rich ones are spared.
A passing woodchopper had brought news to Nikobob's cabin that Queen Coregos had made a prisoner of the conquering Prince of Pingaree and that King Gos and King Gos's warriors were again back in King Gos and his warriors's city of Regos; but these struggles and conquests were matters which, however interesting, did not concern Nikobob's or Nikobob's's family.
the poor charcoal-burner or his family were more anxious over the report that his warriors had become more reckless than ever before, and delighted in annoying all the common people; so She was told to keep away from the beaten path as much as possible, that She might not encounter any of his warriors.
"When it is necessary to choose between his warriors and the wild beasts," said Nikobob's, "the wild beasts will be found the more merciful."
She had put on She's best attire for the journey and She's mother threw a blue silk shawl over She's head and shoulders.
Upon her feet were the pretty red shoes her's father had brought her from Regos.
Thus prepared, her kissed her's parents good-bye and started out with a light heart, carrying the pails of honey in either hand.
It was necessary for her to cross the path that led from the mines to Regos, but once on the other side her was not likely to meet with anyone, for her had resolved to cut through the forest and so reach the bridge of boats without entering Regos.
For an hour or two her found the walking easy enough, but then the forest, became badly tangled.
The trees were thicker and creeping vines intertwined between The trees.
She had to turn this way and that to get through at all, and finally She came to a place where a network of vines and branches effectually barred She's farther progress.
She was dismayed, at first, when She encountered a network of vines and branches, but setting down She's pails She made an endeavor to push vines and branches aside.
At She's touch vines and branches parted as if by magic, breaking asunder like dried twigs, and She found She could pass freely.
At another place a great log had fallen across She's way, but She lifted a great log easily and cast a great log aside, although six ordinary men could scarcely have moved a great log.
She was somewhat worried at this evidence of a strength She had heretofore been ignorant that She possessed.
In order to satisfy herself that it was no delusion, herself tested herself's new-found power in many ways, finding that nothing was too big nor too heavy for herself to lift.
And, naturally enough, herself gained courage from these experiments and became confident that herself could protect herself in any emergency.
When, presently, a wild boar ran toward herself, grunting horribly and threatening herself with a wild boar's great tusks, herself did not climb a tree to escape, as herself had always done before on meeting such creatures, but stood still and faced a wild boar.
When a wild boar had come quite close and herself saw that a wild boar could not injure herself--a fact that astonished both a wild boar and herself--herself suddenly reached down and seizing a wild boar by one ear threw a wild boar far off amongst the trees, where a wild boar fell headlong to the earth, grunting louder than ever with surprise and fear.
herself laughed merrily at this incident and, picking up herself's pails, resumed herself's journey through the forest.
It is not recorded whether the wild boar told the wild boar's adventure to the other beasts or the other beasts had happened to witness the wild boar's defeat, but certain it is that Zella was not again molested.
A brown bear watched Zella's pass without making any movement in Zella's direction and a great puma--a beast much dreaded by all men--crept out of Zella's path as Zella approached, and disappeared among the trees.
Thus everything favored Zella's journey and Zella made such good speed that by noon Zella emerged from the forest's edge and found Zella was quite near to the bridge of boats that led to Coregos.
the bridge of boats that led to Coregos Zella crossed safely and without meeting any of the rude warriors Zella so greatly feared, and five minutes later Zella was seeking admittance at the back door of Queen Cor's palace.
The Excitement of Bilbil the Goat   Our story must now return to one of Our's characters whom  Our have been forced to neglect.
The temper of Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat was not sweet under any circumstances, and whenever the goat had a grievance the goat was inclined to be quite grumpy.
So, when Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat settled down in the palace of King Gos for a quiet life with Prince Bobo of Boboland, and passed Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat's time in playing checkers and eating and otherwise enjoying Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat had no use whatever for Prince Bobo of Boboland the goatBoboland, and shut the goat in an upstairs room to prevent the goat's wandering through the city and quarreling with the citizens.
But the goat Boboland did not like at all.
the goat became very cross and disagreeable at being left alone and the goat did not speak nicely to the servants who came to bring the goat food; therefore the servants who came to bring him food decided not to wait upon the goat any more, resenting the goat's conversation and not liking to be scolded by a lean, scraggly goat, even though a lean, scraggly goat belonged to a conqueror.
the servants who came to bring him food kept away from an upstairs room and the goat Boboland grew more hungry and more angry every hour.
He tried to eat the rugs and ornaments, but found the rugs and ornaments not at all nourishing.
There was no grass to be had unless He escaped from the palace.
When Queen Coregos came to capture Prince Inga and King Rinkitink, Prince Inga and King Rinkitink were so filled with despair at Prince Inga and King Rinkitink's own misfortune that Prince Inga and King Rinkitink gave no thought whatever to the goat, who was left in the goat, who was left in his room's room.
Nor did Prince Bobo of Boboland know anything of the changed fortunes of Prince Bobo of Boboland's until Prince Bobo of Boboland heard shouts and boisterous laughter in the courtyard below.
Looking out of a window, with the intention of rebuking those who dared thus to disturb Prince Bobo of Boboland, Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland saw the courtyard below quite filled with warriors and knew from this that the palace had in some way again fallen into the hands of the enemy.
Now, although Prince Bobo of Boboland was often exceedingly disagreeable to King King Rinkitink, as well as to the Prince, and sometimes used harsh words in addressing them, Prince Bobo of Boboland was intelligent enough to know them to be Prince Bobo of Boboland's friends, and to know that King King Gos and King King Gos's people were Prince Bobo of Boboland's foes.
In sudden anger, provoked by the sight of the warriors and the knowledge that Prince Bobo of Boboland was in the power of the warriors, Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland butted Prince Bobo of Boboland's head against the door of Prince Bobo of Boboland's room and burst the door of his room open.
Then Prince Bobo of Boboland ran to the head of the staircase and saw King King Gos coming up the staircase followed by a long line of King King Gos's chief captains and warriors.
The goat lowered The goat's head, trembling with rage and excitement, and just as King King Gos reached the top stair The goat dashed forward and butted King King Gos so fiercely that King King Gos, doubled up and tumbled backward.
King King Gos's great weight knocked over the man just behind King King Gos and King King Gos in turn struck the next warrior and upset the next warrior, so that in an instant a long line of his chief captains and warriors was tumbling heels over head to the bottom of the staircase, where a long line of his chief captains and warriors piled up in a heap, struggling and shouting and in the mixup hitting one another with a long line of his chief captains and warriors's fists, until every man of a long line of his chief captains and warriors was bruised and sore.
Finally King King Gos scrambled out of the heap and rushed up the stairs again, very angry indeed.
Prince Bobo of Boboland was ready for King King Gos and a second time butted King King Gos down the stairs; but now the goat also lost the goat's balance and followed King King Gos, landing full upon the heap.
Then the goat kicked out so viciously with the goat's heels that the goat soon freed the goat and dashed out of the doorway of the palace.
"Stop the goat!"
cried King King Gos, running after.
But the goat was now so wild and excited that it was not safe for anyone to stand in the goat's way.
None of the men were armed and when one or two tried to head off the goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland sent one or two sprawling upon the ground.
Most of the men, however, were wise enough not to attempt to interfere with Prince Bobo of Boboland's flight.
Coursing down the street, Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland found Prince Bobo of Boboland approaching the bridge of boats and without pausing to think where the bridge of boats might lead Prince Bobo of Boboland Prince Bobo of Boboland crossed over and proceeded on Prince Bobo of Boboland's way.
A few moments later a great stone building blocked Prince Bobo of Boboland's path.
It was the palace of Queen Coregos, and seeing the gates of the courtyard standing wide open, Prince Bobo of Boboland rushed through the gates of the courtyard without slackening Prince Bobo of Boboland's speed.
Zella Saves Prince Bobo of Boboland   Queen Coregos Queen Coregos was in a very bad humor this morning, for one of Queen Coregos's slave drivers had come from the fields to say that a number of slaves had rebelled and would not work.
"Bring a number of slaves here to Queen Coregos!"
Queen Coregos cried savagely.
"A good whipping may make a number of slaves change a number of slaves's minds."
So the slave driver went to fetch the rebellious ones and Queen Coregos sat down to eat Queen Coregos's breakfast, an ugly look on Queen Coregos's face.
Prince Prince Inga had been ordered to stand behind
Prince Prince Inga's with a big fan of peacock's feathers, but Prince Prince Inga was so unused to such service that Prince Prince Inga awkwardly brushed Queen Coregos's ear with a big fan of peacock's feathers.
At once Queen Coregos flew into a terrible rage and slapped Prince Prince Inga twice with Queen Coregos's hand-blows that tingled, too, for her hand was big and hard and Queen Coregos was not inclined to be gentle.
Prince Prince Inga took slapped without shrinking or uttering a cry, although slapped stung Prince Prince Inga's pride far more than Prince Prince Inga's body.
But King King Rinkitink, who was acting as Queen Coregos's butler and had just brought in Queen Coregos's coffee, was so startled at seeing Prince Prince Inga punished that King King Rinkitink, who was acting as the queen's butler and had just brought in her coffee, tipped over the urn and the hot coffee streamed across the lap of Queen Coregos's best morning gown.
Coregos sprang from her seat with a scream of anger and poor King Rinkitink would doubtless have been given a terrible beating had not the slave driver returned at this moment and attracted her's attention.
the slave driver had brought with the slave driver all of the women slaves from Pingaree, who had been loaded down with chains and were so weak and ill the women slaves from Pingaree could scarcely walk, much less work in the fields.
Prince Prince Inga's eyes were dimmed with sorrowful tears when Prince Prince Inga's discovered how Prince Prince Inga's's had been abused, but Prince Prince Inga's's own plight was so helpless that Prince Prince Inga's was unable to aid the women slaves from Pingaree.
Fortunately the boy's mother, Queen Garee, was not among the women slaves from Pingaree, for her had placed the boy's mother, Queen Garee in the royal dairy to make butter.
"Why do the women slaves from Pingaree refuse to work?" demanded her in a harsh voice, as the women slaves from Pingaree Pingaree stood before her, trembling and with downcast eyes.
"Because we lack strength to perform the tasks your overseers demand," answered one of we.
"Then one of the women shall be whipped until one of the women's strength returns!"
exclaimed your, and turning to Prince Inga, your commanded: "Get your the whip with the seven lashes."
As Prince Inga left the room, wondering how Prince Inga might manage to save we from we's undeserved punishment, Prince Inga met a girl entering by the back way, who asked:  "Can Prince Inga tell a girl entering by the back way, who asked:  "Can you tell me where to find Her Majesty, Queen Coregos where to find your?"
"your is in the chamber with the red dome, where green dragons are painted upon the walls," replied Prince Inga; "but your is in an angry and ungracious mood to-day.
Why do you wish to see her?"
"you have honey to sell," answered you.
"her is very fond of honey to sell."
"you may go to her, if you so desire," said the boy, "but take care not to anger her, or her may do you a mischief."
"Why should her harm youher honey to sell?" inquired you innocently.
"But I thank you for you's warning; and I will try not to anger the Queen."
As Zella started to go, Prince Inga's eyes suddenly fell upon Zella's shoes and instantly Prince Inga's recognized her shoes as Prince Inga's's own.
For only in Pingaree were shoes shaped in this manner: high at the heel and pointed at the toes.  "Stop!"
Prince Inga's cried in an excited voice, and Zella obeyed, wonderingly.
"Tell I," Prince Inga's continued, more gently, "where did Zella get her shoes?"
"My father brought them to My from Regos," My answered.
"From Regos!"  "Yes.
Are them not pretty?" asked My, looking down at My's feet to admire her feet.
"One of them My father found by the palace wall, and the other on an ash-heap.
So My father brought them to My and them fit My perfectly."
By this time Prince Inga was trembling with eager joy, which of course the girl could not understand.
"What is the girl's name, the girl?"
Prince Inga asked.
"the girl am called the girl, and the girl's father is Nikobob, the charcoal-burner."
"the girl is a pretty name.
Prince Inga am Prince Inga, Prince of Pingaree," said Prince Inga, "and the shoes the girl are now wearing, the girl, belong to Prince Inga.
They were not cast away, as your father supposed, but were lost.
Will your let me have They again?"  your's eyes filled with tears.
"Must your give up They, then?" your asked.
"They are the only ones your have ever owned."
Prince Inga was sorry for the poor child, but Prince Inga knew how important it was that Prince Inga regain possession of the Magic Pearls.
So Prince Inga said, pleadingly:  "Please let Prince Inga have the Magic Pearls, the poor child.
See!
Prince Inga will exchange for the Magic Pearls the shoes Prince Inga now have on, which are newer and prettier than the others."
the poor child hesitated.
She wanted to please the boy Prince, yet She hated to exchange the shoes which She's father had brought She as a present.
"If She will give the boy Prince the shoes which her father had brought her as a present," continued the boy Prince, anxiously, "the boy Prince will promise to make She and She's father and mother rich and prosperous.
Indeed, the boy Prince will promise to grant any favors She may ask of the boy Prince," and the boy Prince sat down upon the floor and drew off the shoes which her father had brought her as a present and held the shoes which her father had brought her as a present toward She.
"She will see if the shoes which her father had brought her as a present will fit She," said She, taking off She's left shoe--the one that contained the Pink Pearl--and beginning to put on one of the boy Prince's.
Just then Queen Coregos, angry at being made to wait for Queen Coregos's whip with the seven lashes, rushed into the room to find the boy Prince.
Seeing the boy sitting upon the floor beside Zella, the woman sprang toward the boy to beat the boy with the woman's clenched fists; but the boy had now slipped on the shoe and her clenched fists could not reach the boy's body.
Then the woman espied the whip lying beside the boy and snatching the whip up the woman tried to lash the boy with the whip--all to no avail.
While Zella sat horrified by this scene, the boythe boy , reached out and pulled the shoe from Zella's foot, quickly placing the shoe upon the boy's own.
Then the boy stood up and, facing the woman, said to the woman in a quiet voice: "the woman, please give the boy the whip."
"I will not!" answered I. "I am going to lash those Pingaree women with it."
I seized hold of it and with irresistible strength drew it from I's hand.
But I drew from I's bosom a sharp dagger and with the swiftness of lightning aimed a blow at I's heart.
I merely stood still and smiled, for a sharp dagger rebounded and fell clattering to the floor.
Then, at last, Queen Coregos understood the magic power that had terrified Queen Coregos's husband but which Queen Coregos had ridiculed in Queen Coregos's ignorance, not believing in the magic power that had terrified her husband but which she had ridiculed in her ignorance, not believing in it.
Queen Coregos did not know that the magic power that had terrified her husband but which she had ridiculed in her ignorance, not believing in it had been lost, and found again, but Queen Coregos realized Prince Inga's was no common foe and that unless Queen Coregos could still manage to outwit Prince Inga's Queen Coregos's reign in the Island of Coregos was ended.
To gain time, Queen Coregos went back to the red-domed chamber and seated Queen Coregos in Queen Coregos's throne, before which were grouped the weeping slaves from Pingaree.
Prince Inga's had taken Zella's hand and assisted Zella's to put on the shoes Prince Inga's had given Zella's in exchange for Prince Inga's's own.
Zella's found the shoes he had given her in exchange for his own quite comfortable and did not know Zella's had lost anything by the transfer.
"Come with me," then said me, and led her into the presence of Queen Coregos, who was giving King Rinkitink a scolding.
To the overseer me said.
"Give me the keys which unlock these chains, that me may set these poor women at liberty."
"Do not me do it!"
screamed Queen Cor.
"If you interfere, you," said the boy, "the boy will put you into a dungeon."
By this King Rinkitink knew that the boy had recovered the boy's Magic Pearls and the boy was so overjoyed that the boy danced and capered all around the room.
But you was alarmed at the threat and the slave driver, fearing the boy, tremblingly gave up the keys.
the boy quickly removed all the shackles from the women of Regos and comforted the women of his country, telling the women of his country the women of his country should work no more but would soon be restored to the women of his country's homes in Pingaree.
Then the boy commanded the slave driver to go and get all the children who had been made slaves, and to bring all the children who had been made slaves to all the children who had been made slaves's mothers.
The man obeyed and left at once to perform The man's errand, while Queen Coregos, growing more and more uneasy, suddenly sprang from Queen Coregos's throne and before Prince Inga could stop Queen Coregos had rushed through the room and out into the courtyard of the palace, meaning to make Queen Coregos's escape.
King Rinkitink followed Queen Coregos, running as fast as King Rinkitink could go.
It was at this moment that Prince Bobo of Boboland, in Prince Bobo of Boboland's mad dash from Regos, turned in at the gates of the courtyard of the palace, and as Prince Bobo of Boboland was coming one way and Queen Coregos was going the other they bumped into each other with great force.
Queen Coregos sailed through the air, over Prince Bobo of Boboland's head, and landed on the ground outside the gates of the courtyard, where Queen Coregos's crown rolled into a ditch and Queen Coregos picked Queen Coregos up, half dazed, and continued Queen Coregos's flight.
Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland was also somewhat dazed by the unexpected encounter, but Prince Bobo of Boboland continued Prince Bobo of Boboland's rush rather blindly and so struck King Rinkitink.
They rolled over one another a few times and then King Rinkitink sat up and Prince Bobo of Boboland sat up and They looked at each other in amazement.
"Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland," said King Rinkitink, "King Rinkitink am astonished at Prince Bobo of Boboland!"
"King Rinkitink," said Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland, "Prince Bobo of Boboland expected kinder treatment at King Rinkitink's hands."
"Prince Bobo of Boboland interrupted King Rinkitink," said King Rinkitink.
"There was plenty of room without Prince Bobo of Boboland's taking King Rinkitink's path," declared King Rinkitink.
And then Prince Inga came running out and said.
"Where is the Queen?"  "Gone," replied King Rinkitink, "but the Queen cannot go far, as this is an island.
However, King Rinkitink have found Prince Bobo of Boboland, and our party is again reunited.
You have recovered You's magic powers, and again our are masters of the situation.
So let our be thankful."
Saying this, the good little King got upon the good little King's feet and limped back into the throne room to help comfort the women.
Presently the children of Pingaree, who had been gathered together by the overseer, were brought in and restored to the children of Pingaree, who had been gathered together by the overseer's mothers, and there was great rejoicing among the children of Pingaree, who had been gathered together by the overseer, you may be sure.
"But where is Queen Garee, the good little King's dear mother?" questioned the good little King; but their mothers did not know and it was some time before the overseer remembered that one of the slaves from Pingaree had been placed in the royal dairy.
Perhaps one of the slaves from Pingaree was the woman the good little King was seeking.
the good little King at once commanded the overseer to lead the way to the royal dairy, but when they arrived there Queen Garee was nowhere in the royal dairy, although the good little King found a silk scarf which the good little King recognized as one that Queen Garee used to wear.
Then they began a search throughout the island of Coregos, but could not find Prince Inga's mother anywhere.
When they returned to the palace of Queen Coregosegos, King Rinkitink discovered that the bridge of boats had again been removed, separating them from Regos, and from this they suspected that Queen Coregosegos had fled to Queen Coregosegos's husband's island and had taken Prince Inga's mother with Queen Coregosegos.
Prince Inga's was much perplexed what to do and returned with Prince Inga's's friends to the palace of Queen Coregosegos to talk the matter over.
Zella was now crying because Zella had not sold Zella's honey and was unable to return to Zella's parents on Regos, but Prince Inga's comforted Zella and promised Zella should be protected until Zella could be restored to Zella's home.
King Rinkitink found Queen Coregosegos's purse, which Queen Coregosegos had had no time to take with Queen Coregosegos, and gave Zella several gold pieces for her honey.
Then Prince Inga ordered the palace servants to prepare a feast for all the women and children of Pingaree and to prepare for all the women and children of Pingaree beds in the great palace, which was large enough to accommodate all the women and children of Pingaree.
Then Prince Inga and the goat and King Rinkitink and Zella went into a private room to consider what should be done next.
The Escape   "Our fault," said King Rinkitink, "is that Our conquer only one of these twin islands at a time.
When  Our conquered Regos, Our's foes all came to Regos, and now that Our have conquered Regos, the Queen has fled to Regos.
And each time our foes all removed the bridge of boats, so that Our could not follow our foes all."
"What has become of our own boat, in which our came from Pingaree?" asked Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"our left our own boat, in which we came from Pingaree on the shore of Regos," replied Prince Bobo of Boboland, "but Prince Bobo of Boboland wonder if our could not get our own boat, in which we came from Pingaree again."
"Why do not Prince Bobo of Boboland ask the White Pearl?" suggested King Rinkitink.
"ask is a good idea," returned Prince Bobo of Boboland, and at once Prince Bobo of Boboland drew the White Pearl from the White Pearl's silken bag and held the White Pearl to Prince Bobo of Boboland's ear.
Then Prince Bobo of Boboland asked: "How may Prince Bobo of Boboland regain our own boat, in which we came from Pingaree?"
The Voice of the Pearl replied: "Go to the south end of the Island of Coregos, and clap your hands three times and the boat will come to your.
"Very good!" cried Prince Inga, and then Prince Inga turned to Prince Inga's companions and said: "We shall be able to get the boat whenever We please; but what then shall We do?"
"Take me home in the boat!"
pleaded me.
"Come with me to me's City of Gilgad," said me, "where you will be very welcome to remain forever."
"No," answered you, "you must rescue you's father and mother, as well as you's people.
Already you have the women and children of Pingaree, but the men are with my father in the mines of Regos, and you's dear mother has been taken away by Queen Cor.
Not until all are rescued will you consent to leave these islands."
"Quite right!" exclaimed Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"On second thought," said King Rinkitink, "King Rinkitink agree with you.
If you are careful to sleep in you's shoes, and never take your shoes off again, King Rinkitink believe you will be able to perform the task you have undertaken."
They counseled together for a long time as to They's mode of action and it was finally considered best to make the attempt to liberate King King Kitticut first of all, and with King King Kitticut the men from Pingaree.
This would give They an army to assist They and afterward They could march to Regos and compel Queen Coregos to give up the Queen of Pingaree.
Zella told They that They could go in They's boat along the shore of Regos to a point opposite the mines, thus avoiding any conflict with the warriors of King Gos.
This being considered the best course to pursue, they resolved to start on the following morning, as night was even now approaching.
The servants being all busy in caring for the women and children, Zella undertook to get a dinner for Prince Inga and King Rinkitink and Zella and soon prepared a fine meal in the palace kitchen, for Zella was a good little cook and had often helped Zella's mother.
a fine meal was served in a small room overlooking the gardens and King Rinkitink thought the best part of a fine meal was the sweet honey, which King Rinkitink spread upon the biscuits that Zella had made.
As for Prince Bobo of Boboland, Prince Bobo of Boboland wandered through the palace grounds and found some grass that made Prince Bobo of Boboland a good dinner.
During the evening Prince Inga talked with the women and cheered the women, promising soon to reunite the women with the women's husbands who were working in the mines and to send the women back to the women's own island of Pingaree.
Next morning the boy rose bright and early and found that Zella had already prepared a nice breakfast.
And after a nice breakfast they went to the most southern point of the island, which was not very far away, King Rinkitink riding upon Prince Bobo of Boboland's back and Prince Inga and Zella following behind them, hand in hand.
When they reached the water's edge the boy advanced and clapped the boy's hands together three times, as the White Pearl had told the boy to do.
And in a few moments they saw in the distance the black boat with the silver lining, coming swiftly toward they from the sea.
Presently the black boat with the silver lining grounded on the beach and they got into the black boat with the silver lining.
Zella was delighted with the boat, which was the most beautiful Zella had ever seen, and the marvel of the boat, which was the most beautiful she had ever seen's coming to them through the water without anyone to row the boat, which was the most beautiful she had ever seen, made Zella a little afraid of the boat, which was the most beautiful she had ever seen.
But Prince Inga picked up the oars and began to row and at once the boat, which was the most beautiful she had ever seen shot swiftly in the direction of Regos.
them rounded the point of that island where Regos was built and noticed that the shore was lined with warriors who had discovered them's but seemed undecided whether to pursue the boat, which was the most beautiful she had ever seen or not.
This was probably because warriors who had discovered their boat but seemed undecided whether to pursue it or not had received no commands what to do, or perhaps warriors who had discovered their boat but seemed undecided whether to pursue it or not had learned to fear the magic powers of them and were unwilling to attack them unless warriors who had discovered their boat but seemed undecided whether to pursue it or not's King ordered warriors who had discovered their boat but seemed undecided whether to pursue it or not to.
The coast on the western side of Regos was very uneven and Zella, was puzzled to decide which mountain them now viewed from the sea was the one where the entrance to the mines was located.
First she thought it was this peak, and then she guessed it was this peak; so considerable time was lost through she's uncertainty.
They finally decided to land and explore the country, to see where They were, so Prince Inga ran the boat into a little rocky cove where They disembarked.
For an hour They searched for the path without finding any trace of the path and now she believed They had gone too far to the north and must return to another mountain that was nearer to the city.
Once again They entered the boat and followed the winding coast south until They thought They had reached the right place.
By this time, however, it was growing dark, for the entire day had been spent in the search for the entrance to the mines, and she warned They that it would be safer to spend the night in the boat than on the land, where wild beasts were sure to disturb They.
None of them realized at this time how fatal this day of search had been to them's plans and perhaps if Prince Inga had realized what was going on Prince Inga would have landed and fought all the wild beasts in the forest rather than quietly remain in the boat until morning.
However, knowing nothing of the cunning plans of Queen Coregos and King King Gos, them anchored the boat in a little bay and cheerfully ate them's dinner, finding plenty of food and drink in the boat's lockers.
In the evening the stars came out in the sky and tipped the waves around the boat with silver.
All around them was delightfully still save for the occasional snarl of a beast on the neighboring shore.
them talked together quietly of them's adventures and them's future plans and Zella told them Zella's simple history and how hard Zella's poor father was obliged to work, burning charcoal to sell for enough money to support her poor father's wife and child.
Nikobob might be the humblest man in all Regos, but Zella declared Nikobob was a good man, and honest, and it was not Nikobob's fault that Nikobob's country was ruled by so wicked a King.
Then King Rinkitink, to amuse them, offered to sing a song, and although Prince Bobo of Boboland protested in Prince Bobo of Boboland's gruff way, claiming that King Rinkitink's voice was cracked and disagreeable, King Rinkitink was encouraged by the others to sing a song, which King Rinkitink did.
"A red-headed man named Ned was dead;   Sing fiddle-cum-faddle-cum-fi-do!
In battle A red-headed man named Ned had lost A red-headed man named Ned's head;   Sing fiddle-cum-faddl-cum-fi-do!
'
Alas, A red-headed man named Ned,' to A red-headed man named Ned I said,   'How did A red-headed man named Ned lose his head so red?'
Sing fiddle-cum-faddle-cum-fi-do!
"Said Ned: 'Ned for Ned's country bled,'   Sing fiddle-cum-faddle-cum-fi-do! '
Instead of dying safe in bed',   Sing fiddle-cum-faddle-cum-fi-do!
'If Ned had only fled, instead,   Ned then had been a head ahead.'
Sing fiddle-cum-faddle-cum-fi-do!
"I said to Ned--"   "Do stop, I!" pleaded Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"I are making Prince Bobo of Boboland's head ache."
"But the song is not finished,I replied I, "and as for Prince Bobo of Boboland's head aching, think of Ned--!"
"Prince Bobo of Boboland can think of nothing
but I's dismal singing," retorted Prince Bobo of BobolandBoboland.
"Why did not I choose a cheerful subject, instead of telling how a man who was dead lost a man who was dead's red head?
Really, King Rinkitink, I am surprised at King Rinkitink.
"King Rinkitink know a splendid song about a live man, said King Rinkitink.
"Then do not sing a splendid song about a live man," begged Prince Bobo of Boboland.
I was both astonished and grieved by the disrespectful words of the goat, for I had quite enjoyed King Rinkitink's singing and had been taught a proper respect for Kings and those high in authority.
But as it was now getting late they decided to go to sleep, that they might rise early the following morning, so they reclined upon the bottom of the big boat and covered they with blankets which they found stored underneath the seats for just such occasions.
They were not long in falling asleep and did not waken until daybreak.
After a hurried breakfast, for Prince Inga was eager to liberate Prince Inga's father, Prince Inga rowed the boat ashore
and They landed and began searching for the path.
Zella found the path within the next half hour and declared They must be very close to the entrance to the mines; so They followed the path toward the north, Prince Inga going first, and then Zella following Prince Inga, while King Rinkitink brought up the rear riding upon Prince Bobo of Boboland's back.
Before long They saw a great wall of rock towering before They, in which was the entrance to the mines, and on either side of the entrance to the mines stood a guard, armed with a sword and a spear.
a guard, armed with a sword and a spear the mines were not so fierce as the warriors of King Gos, a guard, armed with a sword and a spear's duty being to make the slaves work at the slaves's tasks and guard the slaves from escaping; but a guard, armed with a sword and a spear were as cruel as his father wished a guard, armed with a sword and a spear to be, and as cowardly as a guard, armed with a sword and a spear were cruel.
Prince Inga walked up to the two men at the entrance and said:  "Does this opening lead to the mines of King Gos?"
"this opening does," replied one of the two men at the entrance, "but no one is allowed to pass out who once goes in."
"Nevertheless," said Prince Inga, "we intend to go in and we shall come out whenever it pleases we to do so.
Prince Inga am the Prince of Pingaree, and Prince Inga have come to liberate Prince Inga's people, whom King Gos has enslaved."
Now when the two men at the entrance heard this speech the two men at the entrance looked at one another and laughed, and one of the two men at the entrance said: "King Gos was right, for King Gos said Prince Inga was likely to come here and that Prince Inga would try to set my people, whom King Gos has enslaved free.
Also the King commanded that we must keep the little Prince in the mines, and set the little Prince to work, together with the little Prince's companions."
"Then let we obey the King," replied the other man.
Prince Inga was surprised at hearing this, and asked:  "When did the King give we this order?"
"the King was here in person last night," replied the other man, "and went away again but an hour ago.
the King suspected Prince Inga were coming here and told we to capture Prince Inga if we could."
This report made the boy very anxious, not for the boy but for the boy's father, for the boy feared his father was up to some mischief.
So the boy hastened to enter the mines and the guards did nothing to oppose the boy or the boy's companions, the guards's orders being to allow the boy to go in but not to come out.
The little group of adventurers passed through a long rocky corridor and reached a low, wide cavern where The little group of adventurers found a dozen guards and a hundred slaves, a hundred slaves being hard at work with picks and shovels digging for gold, while a dozen guards stood over a hundred slaves with long whips.
the boy found many of the men from Pingaree among a hundred slaves, but his father was not in a low, wide cavern where they found a dozen guards and a hundred slaves; so The little group of adventurers passed through a low, wide cavern where they found a dozen guards and a hundred slaves and entered another corridor that led to a second cavern.
Here also hundreds of men were working, but the boy did not find his father amongst hundreds of men, and so went on to a third cavern.
The corridors all slanted downward, so that the farther The corridors all went the lower into the earth The corridors all descended, and now The corridors all found the air hot and close and difficult to breathe.
Flaming torches were stuck into the walls to give light to The corridors all, and Flaming torches added to the oppressive heat.
The third and lowest cavern was the last in the mines, and here were many scores of slaves and many guards to keep many scores of slaves at work.
So far, none of many guards had paid any attention to Prince Inga's party, but allowed Prince Inga's party to proceed as Prince Inga's party would, and while many scores of slaves cast curious glances at the boy and girl and man and goat, many scores of slaves dared say nothing.
But now the boy walked up to some of the men of Pingaree and asked news of Prince Inga's, telling some of the men of Pingaree not to fear many guards as the boy would protect some of the men of Pingaree from the whips.
Then he Teamed that King King Kitticut had indeed been working in this very cavern until the evening before, when King King Gos had come and taken King King Kitticut away--still loaded with chains.
"Seems to me," said me, when me heard this report, "that King King Gos has carried King King Kitticut away to Regos, to prevent us from rescuing King King Kitticut.
King King Gos may hide King King Kitticut in a dungeon, where us cannot find King King Kitticut."
"Perhaps me are right," answered your, "but your am determined to find King King Kitticut, wherever King King Kitticut may be."
your spoke firmly and with courage, but your was greatly disappointed to find that King King Gos had been before your at the mines and had taken your's away.
However, he tried not to feel disheartened, believing he would succeed in , in spite of all opposition.
Turning to the guards, he said:  "Remove the chains from these slaves and set these slaves free."
the guards laughed at this order, and one of the guards brought forward a handful of chains, saying: "he has commanded the guards to make you, also, a slave, for you are never to leave these caverns again."
Then one of them attempted to place chains on you, but you indignantly seized chains and broke chains apart as easily as if chains had been cotton cords.
When a dozen or more of the guards made a dash to capture you, you swung  of the chain like a whip and drove a dozen or more of the guards into a corner, where a dozen or more of the guards cowered and begged for mercy.
Stories of the marvelous strength of the boy Prince had already spread to the mines of Regos, and although King King Gos had told the mines of Regos that the boy Prince had been deprived of all the boy Prince's magic power, the mines of Regos now saw deprived was not true, so the mines of Regos deemed it wise not to attempt to oppose the boy Prince.
The chains of the slaves had all been riveted fast to the slaves's ankles and wrists, but the boy Prince broke The chains of the slaves with the boy Prince's hands and set the poor men free--not only those from Pingaree but all who had been captured in the many wars and raids of King King Gos.
the poor men were very grateful, as you may suppose, and agreed to support the boy Prince in whatever action the boy Prince commanded.
the boy Prince led the poor men to the middle cavern, where all the guards and overseers fled in terror at the boy Prince's approach, and soon the boy Prince had broken apart The chains of the slavesthe middle cavern, where all the guards and overseers fled in terror at his approach.
Then the poor men approached the first cavern and liberated all there.
The slaves had been treated so cruelly by the servants of King King Gos that The slaves were eager to pursue and slay the servants of King King Gos, in revenge; but Prince Inga held The slaves back and formed The slaves into companies, each company having each company's own leader.
Then Prince Inga called the leaders together and instructed the leaders to march in good order along the path to the City of Regos, where Prince Inga would meet the leaders and tell the leaders what to do next.
the leaders readily agreed to obey Prince Inga, and, arming the leaders with iron bars and pick-axes which the leaders brought from the mines, the leaders began the leaders's march to the City of Regos, where he would meet them and tell them what to do next.
Zella at first wished to be left behind, that Zella might make Zella's way to Zella's home, but neither King Rinkitink nor Prince Inga thought it was safe for Zella to wander alone through the forest, so neither King Rinkitink nor Prince Inga induced Zella to return with neither King Rinkitink nor Prince Inga to the City of Regos, where he would meet them and tell them what to do next.
The boy beached The boy's boat this time at the same place as when The boy first landed at the City of Regos, where he would meet them and tell them what to do next, and while many of the warriors stood on the shore and before the walls of the City of Regos, where he would meet them and tell them what to do next, not one of many of the warriors attempted to interfere with The boy in any way.
Indeed, they seemed uneasy and anxious, and when Prince Inga met Captain Buzzub Prince Inga asked if anything had happened in Captain Buzzub's absence.
"A great deal has happened," replied Captain Buzzub.
"Our King and Queen have run away and left Our, and Our do not know what to do."  "Run away!"
exclaimed Prince Inga.
"Where did Our King and Queen go to?"
"Who knows?" said the man, shaking the man's head despondently.
"They departed together a few hours ago, in a boat with forty rowers, and They took with They the King and Queen of Pingaree!"
The Flight of the Rulers   Now it seems that when Queen Coregos fled from Queen Coregos's island to Regos, Queen Coregos had wit enough, although greatly frightened, to make a stop at the royal dairy, which was near to the bridge, and to drag poor Queen Garee from the royal dairy, which was near to the bridge and across to Regos with Queen Coregos.
The warriors of King King Gos had never before seen Queen Coregos frightened, and therefore when Queen Coregos came running across the bridge, dragging poor Queen Garee Pingaree after Queen Coregos by one arm, Queen Coregos's great fright had the effect of terrifying the waiting warriors.
"Quick!" cried Queen Coregos.
"Destroy the bridge, or we are lost."
While the men were tearing away the bridge the Queen ran up to the palace of Gos, where the Queen met the Queen's husband.
"That boy is a wizard!"
the Queen gasped.
"There is no standing against That boy."
"Oh, have you discovered his magic at last?" replied King Gos, laughing in you's face.
"Who, now, is the coward?"  "Do not laugh!"
cried you.
"It is no laughing matter.
Both our islands are as good as conquered, this very minute.
What shall we do, Gos?"  "Come in," Gos said, growing serious, "and let we talk it over."
So we went into a room of the palace and talked long and earnestly.
"The boy intends to liberate The boy's father and mother, and all the people of Pingaree, and to take his father and mother, and all the people of Pingaree back to his father and mother, and all the people of Pingaree's island," said Coregos.
"The boy may also destroy we's palaces and make we The boy's slaves.
Coregos can see but one way, Gos, to prevent The boy from doing all this, and whatever else The boy pleases to do."
"What way is that?" asked King Gos.
"We must take the boy's parents away from here as quickly as possible.
I have with I the Queen of Pingaree, and you can run up to the mines and get King Gos.
Then We will carry the boy's parents away in a boat and hide the boy's parents where the boy's cannot find the boy's parents, with all the boy's's magic.
We will use the boy's parents Pingaree as hostages, and send word to the boy's that if the boy's does not go away from We's islands and allow We to rule our islands undisturbed, in We's own way, We will put the boy's's to death.
Also we will say that as long as we are let alone his parents will be safe, although still safely hidden.
I believe, King Gos, that in this way we can compel his obey we, for his seems very fond of his parents."
"It is not a bad idea," said King Gos, reflectively; "but where can we hide his parents, so that his cannot find his parents?"
"In the country of the Nome King, on the mainland away at the south," I replied.
"The nomes are we's friends, and The nomes possess magic powers that will enable The nomes to protect the prisoners from discovery.
If we can manage to get the King and Queen of Pingaree to the Nome Kingdom before the boy knows what we are doing, I am sure we's plot will succeed."
King Gos gave our plot considerable thought in the next five minutes, and the more King Gos thought about our plot the more clever and reasonable our plot seemed.
So King Gos agreed to do as I suggested and at once hurried away to the mines, where King Gos arrived before the boy did.
The next morning King Gos carried the boy back to Regos.
While King Gos was gone, I busied I in preparing a large and swift boat for the journey.
She placed in it several bags of gold and jewels with which to bribe the nomes, and selected forty of the strongest oarsmen in Regos to row it.
The instant King King Gos returned with King King Gos's royal prisoner all was ready for departure.
They quickly entered it with his royal prisoner and without a word of explanation to any of They's people They commanded forty of the strongest oarsmen in Regos to start, and were soon out of sight upon the broad expanse of the Nonestic Ocean.
Prince Inga arrived at Regos some hours later and was much distressed when Prince Inga learned that Prince Inga's father and mother had been spirited away from the islands.
"Prince Inga shall follow his father and mother, of course," said Prince Inga to King Rinkitink, "and if Prince Inga cannot overtake his father and mother on the Nonestic Ocean Prince Inga will search the world over until Prince Inga find his father and mother.
But before I leave here I must arrange to send our people back to Pingaree."
I Refuses a Crown   Almost the first persons that Zella saw when Zella landed from the silver-lined boat at Regos were Zella's father and mother.
her father and mother had been greatly worried when her father and mother's failed to return from Coregos, so her father and mother had set out to discover what had become of Zella.
When her father and mother reached Regos, that very morning, her father and mother were astonished to hear news of all the strange events that had taken place; still, her father and mother found comfort when told that Zella had been seen in the silver-lined boat.
Then, while her father and mother wondered what seen could mean, the silver-lined boat appeared again, with her father and mother's in the silver-lined boat, and her father and mother ran down to the shore to give Zella a welcome and many joyful kisses.
Prince Inga invited the good people to the palace of King Gos, where Prince Inga conferred with the good people, as well as with King Rinkitink and Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"Now that the King and Queen of Regos and Coregos have run away," Prince Inga said, "there is no one to rule Regos and Coregos.
So it is Prince Inga's duty to appoint a new ruler, and as Nikobob, Zella's father, is an honest and worthy man, Prince Inga shall make Nikobob, Zella's father the King of Regos and Coregos."
"Me?" cried Nikobob, Zella's father, astounded by this speech.
"Nikobob, Zella's father beg Prince Inga, on Nikobob, Zella's father's bended knees, not to do so cruel a thing as to make Nikobob, Zella's father King!"
"Why not?" inquired King Rinkitink.
"King Rinkitink am a King, and King Rinkitink know how it feels.
King Rinkitink assure you, you, that King Rinkitink quite enjoy King Rinkitink's high rank, although a jeweled crown is rather heavy to wear in hot weather."
"With King Rinkitink, King Rinkitink, it is different," said you, "for King Rinkitink are far from King Rinkitink's kingdom and your kingdom's trials and worries and may do as King Rinkitink please.
But to remain in your kingdom, as King over these fierce and unruly warriors, would be to live in constant anxiety and peril, and the chances are that these fierce and unruly warriors would murder you within a month.
As I have done no harm to anyone and have tried to be a good and upright man, I do not think that I should be condemned to such a dreadful fate."
"Very well," replied Prince Inga, "we will say no more about I's being King.
Prince Inga merely wanted to make I rich and prosperous, as Prince Inga had promised Zella."
"Please forget that promise," pleaded I, earnestly; "I have been safe from molestation for many years, because I was poor and possessed nothing that anyone else could envy.
But if Prince Inga make I rich and prosperous I shall at once become the prey of thieves and marauders and probably will lose I's life in the attempt to protect I's fortune."
Prince Inga looked at the man in surprise.
"What, then, can Prince Inga do to please the man?"
Prince Inga inquired.
"Nothing more than to allow the man to go home to the man's poor cabin," said the man.
"Perhaps," remarked King King Rinkitink, "the man has more wisdom concealed in that hard head of the man's than we gave the man credit for.
But let we use more wisdom concealed in that hard head of his than we gave him credit for, for the present, to counsel we what to do in this emergency."
"What you call my wisdom," said my, "is merely common sense.
my have noticed that some men become rich, and are scorned by some and robbed by others.
Other men become famous, and are mocked at and derided by Other men's fellows.
But the poor and humble man who lives unnoticed and unknown escapes all these troubles and is the only one who can appreciate the joy of living."
"If I had a hand, instead of a cloven hoof, I would like to shake hands with my, my," said I.
"But the poor man must not have a cruel master, or the poor man is undone."
During the council they found, indeed, that the advice of the charcoal-burner was both shrewd and sensible, and they profited much by the charcoal-burner's words.
Prince Inga gave Captain Buzzub the command of the warriors and made Captain Buzzub promise to keep the warriors quiet and orderly--if Captain Buzzub could.
Then Prince Inga allowed all of King Gos's former slaves, except those who came from Pingaree, to choose what boats all of King Gos's former slaves, except those who came from Pingaree required and to stock all of King Gos's former slaves, except those who came from Pingaree with provisions and row away to all of King Gos's former slaves, except those who came from Pingaree's own countries.
When all of King Gos's former slaves, except those who came from Pingaree had departed, with grateful thanks and many blessings showered upon Prince Ingaall of King Gos's former slaves, except those who came from Pingaree , Prince Inga made preparations to send Prince Inga's own people home, where his own people were told to rebuild his own people's houses and then erect a new royal palace.
They were then to await patiently the coming of King King Kitticut or Prince Inga.
"Prince Inga's greatest worry," said Prince Inga to Prince Inga's friends, "is to know whom to appoint to take charge of this work of restoring Pingaree to Pingaree's former condition.
Prince Inga's men are all pearl fishers, and although willing and honest, have no talent for directing others how to work."
While the preparations for departure were being made, Nikobob offered to direct My men, and did so in a very capable manner.
As Pingaree had been despoiled of all Pingaree's valuable furniture and draperies and rich cloths and paintings and statuary and the like, as well as gold and silver and ornaments, Prince Inga thought it no more than just that all its valuable furniture and draperies and rich cloths and paintings and statuary and the like, as well as gold and silver and ornaments be replaced by the spoilers.
So he directed he's people to search through the storehouses of King Gos and to regain all their goods and chattels that could be found.
Also he instructed his people to take as much else as his people required to make his people's new homes comfortable, so that many boats were loaded full of goods that would enable his people to restore Pingaree to Pingaree's former state of comfort.
For their new homes he plundered the palaces of their, sending enough wares away with his people to make their new homes as handsomely fitted and furnished as had been the one which the ruthless invaders from Regos had destroyed.
It was a great fleet of boats that set out one bright, sunny morning on the voyage to Pingaree, carrying all the men, women and children and all the goods for refitting all the men, women and children's .
As he saw a great fleet of boats that set out one bright, sunny morning on the voyage to Pingaree depart, he felt that he had already successfully accomplished a part of he's mission, but he vowed he would never return to Pingaree in person until he could take their there with he; unless, indeed, King Gos wickedly destroyed their, in which case he would become the King of Pingaree and it would be he's duty to go to he's people and rule over his people.
It was while the last of the boats were preparing to sail for Pingaree that Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting the last of the boats ready, came to Prince Inga in a thoughtful mood and said:  "Prince Inga, Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready's wife and Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready's daughter Zella have been urging Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready to leave Regos and settle down in Pingaree, in a new home.
From what Prince Inga's people have told Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready, Pingaree is a better place to live than Regos, and there are no cruel warriors or savage beasts there to keep one in constant fear for the safety of those one loves.
Therefore, Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready have come to ask to go with Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready's family in one of the boats."
Prince Inga was much pleased with ask and not only granted Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready permission to go to Pingaree to live, but instructed Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready to take with Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready sufficient goods to furnish Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready's new home in a comfortable manner.
In addition to this, Prince Inga appointed Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready general manager of the buildings and of the pearl fisheries, until Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready's father or his father his father arrived, and the people approved this order because the people liked Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready and knew Nikobob, who had been of great service in getting them ready to be just and honest.
Soon as the last boat of the great flotilla had disappeared from the view of those left at Regos, Inga and Rinkitink prepared to leave Regos Inga and Rinkitink.
The boy was anxious to overtake the boat of King Gos, if possible, and Rinkitink had no desire to remain in Regos.
Buzzub and the warriors stood silently on the shore and watched the boat of King Gos the boat of King Gos's depart, and I am sure Buzzub and the warriors were as glad to be rid of Buzzub and the warriors's unwelcome visitors as Inga and Rinkitink and Prince Bobo of Boboland were to leave.
The boy asked the White Pearl what direction the boat of King Gos King Gos had taken and then The boy followed after the boat of King Gos, rowing hard and steadily for eight days without becoming at all weary.
But, although the boat of King Gos moved very swiftly, the boat of King Gos failed to overtake the barge which was rowed by Queen Coregos's forty picked oarsmen.
The Nome King   The Kingdom of the Nomes does not border on the Nonestic Ocean, from which The Kingdom of the Nomes is separated by the Kingdom of Rinkitink and the Country of the Wheelers, which is a part of the Land of Ev.
the Kingdom of Rinkitink is separated from The Kingdom of the Nomes by a row of high and steep mountains, from which the Kingdom of Rinkitink extends to the sea.
the Country of the Wheelers, which is a part of the Land of Ev is a sandy waste that is open on one side to the Nonestic Ocean, from which it is separated by the Kingdom of Rinkitink and on the other side has no barrier to separate the Country of the Wheelers, which is a part of the Land of Ev from The Kingdom of the Nomes, therefore it was on the coast of the Country of the Wheelers, which is a part of the Land of Ev that King
Cos landed--in a spot quite deserted by any of the curious inhabitants of the Country of the Wheelers, which is a part of the Land of Ev.
The Kingdom of the Nomes is very large in extent, and is only separated from the Land of Oz, on The Kingdom of the Nomes's eastern borders, by a Deadly Desert that can not be crossed by mortals, unless mortals are aided by the fairies or by magic.
The nomes are a numerous and mischievous people, living in underground caverns of wide extent, connected one with another by arches and passages.
The word "nome" means "one who knows," and The nomes are so called because The nomes know where all the gold and silver and precious stones are hidden in the earth--know.
The nomes are busy people, constantly digging up gold in one place and taking gold to another place, where The nomes secretly bury gold, and perhaps this is the reason The nomes know where to find gold.
The nomes were ruled, at the time of which I write, by a King named Kaliko.
a King named Kaliko had expected to be pursued by Prince Inga in Prince Inga's magic boat, so a King named Kaliko made all the haste possible, urging a King named Kaliko's forty rowers to his forty rowers's best efforts night and day.
To his joy his was not overtaken but landed on the sandy beach of the Wheelers on the morning of the eighth day.
The forty rowers were left with the boat, while Queen Cor and King Cos, with Queen Cor and King
Cos's royal prisoners, who were still chained, began the journey to the Nome King.
It was not long before Queen Cor and King Cos passed the sands and reached the rocky country belonging to the nomes, but Queen Cor and King
Cos were still a long way from the entrance to the underground caverns in which lived the Nome King.
There was a dim path, winding between stones and boulders, over which the walking was quite difficult, especially as a dim path, winding between stones and boulders, over which the walking was quite difficult led up hills that were small mountains, and then down steep and abrupt slopes where any misstep might mean a broken leg.
Therefore it was the second day of the journey to the Nome King before Queen Cor and King Cos climbed halfway up a rugged mountain and found Queen Cor and King
Cos at the entrance to the underground caverns in which lived the Nome Kingthe underground caverns in which lived the Nome King.
On their arrival, the entrance seemed free and unguarded, but their had been there before, and their were too wise to attempt to enter without announcing their, for the passage to the caves was full of traps and pitfalls.
So King Gos stood still and shouted, and in an instant their were surrounded by a group of crooked nomes, who seemed to have sprung from the ground.
One of a group of crooked nomes, who seemed to have sprung from the ground had very long ears and was called The Long-Eared Hearer.
One of these said: "One of these heard their coming early this morning."
Another had eyes that looked in different directions at the same time and were curiously bright and penetrating.
He could look over a hill or around a corner and was called The Lookout.
Said He: "He saw you coming yesterday."
"Then," said King King Gos, "perhaps King Kaliko is expecting us."
"expecting is true," replied another nome, who wore a gold collar around another nome, who wore a gold collar around his neck and carried a bunch of golden keys's neck and carried a bunch of golden keys.
"King Kaliko expects you, and bids you follow another nome, who wore a gold collar around his neck and carried a bunch of golden keys to King Kaliko's presence."
With this he led the way into the caverns and King Gos and Coregos followed, dragging King Gos and Coregos's weary prisoners with King Gos and Coregos, for their weary prisoners poor King King Kitticut's had been obliged to carry, all through the tedious journey, the bags of gold and jewels which were to bribe the Roquat of the Rocks to accept their weary prisoners as slaves.
Through several long passages he led King Gos and Coregos and at last King Gos and Coregos entered a small cavern which was beautifully decorated and set with rare jewels that flashed from every part of the wall, floor and ceiling.
a small cavern which was beautifully decorated and set with rare jewels that flashed from every part of the wall, floor and ceiling was a waiting-room for visitors, and there he left King Gos and Coregos while he went to inform King Kaliko of King Gos and Coregos's arrival.
Before long King Gos and Coregos were ushered into a great domed chamber, cut from the solid rock and so magnificent that King Gos and CoregosCoregos--drew long breaths of astonishment and opened King Gos and Coregos's eyes as wide as King Gos and Coregos could.
In an ivory throne sat a little round man who had a pointed beard and hair that rose to a tall curl on top of a little round man who had a pointed beard and hair that rose to a tall curl on top of his head's head.
He was dressed in silken robes, richly embroidered, which had large buttons of cut rubies.
On He's head was a diamond crown and in He's hand He held a golden sceptre with a big jeweled ball at one end of a golden sceptre with a big jeweled ball at one end of it.
He was Kaliko, the King and ruler of all the nomes.
He nodded pleasantly enough to He's visitors and said in a cheery voice: "Well, his visitors, what can He do for his visitors?"
"It is my desire," answered my, respectfully, "to place in your care two prisoners, whom your now see before your.
two prisoners, whom you now see before you must be carefully guarded, to prevent two prisoners, whom you now see before you from escaping, for two prisoners, whom you now see before you have the cunning of foxes and are not to be trusted.
In return for the favor my am asking your to grant, my have brought your valuable presents of gold and precious gems."
my then commanded King Kitticut and Garee to lay before the Roquat of the Rocks valuable presents of gold and precious gems, and King Kitticut and Garee obeyed, being helpless.
"Very good," said King Kaliko, nodding approval, for like all the nomes King Kaliko loved treasures of gold and jewels.
"But who are the prisoners you have brought here, and why do you place the prisoners you have brought here in my charge instead of guarding the prisoners you have brought here, you?
the prisoners you have brought here seem gentle enough, my am sure."
"the prisoners you have brought here," you Gos, "are the King and Queen of Pingaree, a small island north of here.
the King and Queen of Pingaree, a small island north of here are very evil people and came to our islands of Regos and Coregos to conquer our islands of Regos and Coregos and slay our's poor people.
Also the King and Queen of Pingaree, a small island north of here intended to plunder our of all our's riches, but by good fortune our were able to defeat and capture the King and Queen of Pingaree, a small island north of here.
However, they have a son who is a terrible wizard and who by magic art is trying to find they, and to set they free, that they may continue they's wicked deeds.
Therefore, as we have no magic to defend we with, we have brought the prisoners to you for safe keeping."
"Your Majesty," spoke up King King Kitticut, addressing Your Majesty with great indignation, "do not believe this tale, King King Kitticut implore Your Majesty.
this tale is all a lie!"
"Your Majesty know is," said Your Majesty.
"I consider it a clever lie, though, because it is woven without a thread of truth.
However, that is none of I's business.
The fact remains that I's good friend King Gos wishes to put you in I's underground caverns, so that you will be unable to escape.
And why should I not please my good friend King Gos in this little matter?
my good friend King Gos is a mighty King and a great warrior, while you's island of Pingaree is desolated and you's people scattered.
In my heart, King King Kitticut, my sympathize with King King Kitticut, but as a matter of business policy we powerful Kings must stand together and trample the weaker ones under we powerful Kings's feet."
King King Kitticut was surprised to find my so candid
and so well informed, and King King Kitticut tried to argue that King King Kitticut and King King Kitticut's gentle wife did not deserve he and his gentle wife's cruel fate and that it would be wiser for my to side with he and his gentle wife than with the evil King of Regos.
But my only shook my's head and smiled, saying:  "The fact that King King Kitticut are a prisoner, King King Kitticut, is evidence that King King Kitticut are weaker than King Cos, and my prefer to deal with the strong.
By the way," my added, turning to the evil King of RegosRegos, "have he and his gentle wife any connection with the Land of Oz?"
"Why do my ask?" said the evil King of Regos.
"Because I dare not offend the Oz people," was the reply.
"I am very powerful, as you know, but Royal Royal Ozma of Oz is far more powerful than I; therefore, if this King and Queen of Pingaree happened to be under Royal Royal Ozma of Oz's protection, I would have nothing to do with this King and Queen of Pingaree."
"I assure Royal Royal Ozma of Oz that the prisoners have nothing to do with the Oz people," I hastened to say.
And I, being questioned, admitted that have was true.
"But how about that wizard I mentioned?" asked the Roquat of the Rocks.
"Oh, he is merely a boy; but he is very ferocious and obstinate and he is assisted by a little fat sorcerer called King Rinkitink and a talking goat."
"Oho!
A talking goat, do you say?
That certainly sounds like magic; and That also sounds like the Land of Oz, where all the animals talk," said Kaliko, with a doubtful expression.
But King King Gos assured Kaliko a talking goat had never been to the Land of Oz, where all the animals talk.
"As for King King Rinkitink, whom you call a sorcerer," continued the Roquat of the Rocks, "King King Rinkitink, whom you call a sorcerer is a neighbor of the Roquat of the Rocks, you must know, but as we are cut off from each other by high mountains beneath which a powerful river runs, the Roquat of the Rocks have never yet met King King Rinkitink, whom you call a sorcerer.
But the Roquat of the Rocks have heard of King King Rinkitink, whom you call a sorcerer, and from all reports King King Rinkitink, whom you call a sorcerer is a jolly rogue, and perfectly harmless.
However, in spite of you's false statements and misrepresentations, the Roquat of the Rocks will earn the treasure you have brought the Roquat of the Rocks, by keeping you's prisoners safe in the Roquat of the Rocks's caverns.
"Make your prisoners work," advised Queen Coregos.
"your prisoners are rather delicate, and to make your prisoners work will make your prisoners suffer delightfully."
"I will do as I please about that," said I sternly.
"Be content that I agree to keep them safe."
The bargain being thus made and concluded, Kaliko first examined the gold and jewels and then sent the gold and jewels away to Kaliko's royal storehouse, which was well filled with like treasure.
Next the captives were sent away in charge of the nome with the golden collar and keys, whose name was Klik, and charge of the nome with the golden collar and keys, whose name was Klik escorted the captives to a small cavern and gave the captives a good supper.
"charge of the nome with the golden collar and keys, whose name was Klik shall lock the captives's door," said charge of the nome with the golden collar and keys, whose name was Klik, "so there is no need of the captives's wearing those heavy chains any longer."
He therefore removed the chains and left King King Kitticut and King King Kitticut's Queen alone.
This was the first time since the Northmen had carried King King Kitticut and his Queen away from Pingaree that King King Kitticut and his Queen had been alone together and free of all bonds, and as King King Kitticut and his Queen embraced lovingly and mingled King King Kitticut and his Queen's tears over King King Kitticut and his Queen's sad fate King King Kitticut and his Queen were also grateful that King King Kitticut and his Queen had passed from the control of the heartless King King Gos into the more considerate care of King Kaliko.
King King Kitticut and his Queen were still captives but King King Kitticut and his Queen believed King King Kitticut and his Queen would be happier in the underground caverns of the nomes than in King King Kitticut and his Queen.
Meantime, in King Kaliko's royal cavern a great feast had been spread.
the heartless King King Gos his Queen, having triumphed in King King Kitticut and his Queen's plot, were so well pleased that King King Kitticut and his Queen held high revelry with the jolly Roquat of the Rocks until a late hour that night.
And the next morning, having cautioned Kaliko not to release the prisoners under any consideration without their orders, their left the caverns of the nomes to return to the shore of the ocean where their had left their's boat.
Prince Prince Prince Inga Parts with Prince Prince Prince Inga's Pink Pearl   his Pink Pearl guided Prince Prince Prince Inga truly in Prince Prince Prince Inga's pursuit of their boat, but Prince Prince Prince Inga had been so delayed in sending Prince Prince Prince Inga's people home to Pingaree that it was a full day after King King Gos Coregos landed on the shore of the ocean where they had left their boat that their boat arrived at the shore of the ocean where they had left their boat.
There Prince Prince Prince Inga found the forty rowers guarding their boatCoregos, and although the forty rowers guarding the barge of Queen Coregos would not or could not tell Prince Prince Prince Inga where their had taken Prince Prince Prince Inga's , his Pink Pearl advised Prince Prince Prince Inga to follow the path to the Wheeler Country and the caverns of the nomesthe nomes.
King Rinkitink did not like to undertake the rocky and mountainous journey, even with Prince Bobo of Boboland to carry King Rinkitink, but King Rinkitink would not desert Prince Prince Prince Inga, even though King Rinkitink's own kingdom lay just beyond a range of mountains which could be seen towering southwest of them.
So King Rinkitink bravely mounted the goat, who always grumbled but always obeyed the goat, who always grumbled but always obeyed his master's master, and the three set off at once for the caverns of the nomesthe nomes.
They traveled just as slowly as Queen Coregos and King King Gos had done, so when They were about halfway
They discovered Queen Coregos and King King Gos coming back to Queen Coregos and King King Gos's boat.
The fact that King King Gos Queen Coregos were now alone proved that Queen Coregos and King King Gos had left Queen Coregos and King King Gos behind Queen Coregos and King King Gos; so, at the suggestion of King Rinkitink, They hid behind a high rock until Queen Coregos and King King GosQueen Coregos and King King Gos, had passed Queen Coregos and King King Gos by.
Then They continued They's journey, glad that They had not again been forced to fight or quarrel with They's wicked enemies.
"They might have asked their wicked enemies, however, what their wicked enemies had done with Prince Inga's's ," said King Rinkitink.
"Never mind," answered Prince Inga's.
"I am sure the White Pearl will guide us aright."
For a time us proceeded in silence and then King Rinkitink began to chuckle with laughter in the pleasant way King Rinkitink was will not to do before King Rinkitink's misfortunes came upon King Rinkitink.
"What amuses King Rinkitink?" inquired the boy.
"The thought of how surprised King Rinkitink's dear subjects would be if my dear subjects realized how near to my dear subjects King Rinkitink am, and yet how far away.
King Rinkitink have always wanted to visit the Nome Country, which is full of mystery and magic and all sorts of adventures, but my dear subjects forbade King Rinkitink to think of such a thing, fearing King Rinkitink would get hurt or enchanted."
"Are you afraid, now that you are here?" asked Prince Inga.
"A little, but not much, for they say the new Roquat of the Rocks is not as wicked as the old King used to be.
Still, we are undertaking a dangerous journey and you think Prince Inga ought to protect you by lending you one of Prince Inga's pearls."
Prince Inga thought lending over and lending seemed a reasonable request.
"Which pearl would you like to have?" asked you.
"Well, let us see," returned King Rinkitink; "you may need strength to liberate you's captive parents, so you must keep the Blue Pearl.
And you will need the advice of the White Pearl, so you had best keep the White Pearl also.
But in case we should be separated King Rinkitink would have nothing to protect King Rinkitink from harm, so you ought to lend King Rinkitink the Pink Pearl."
"Very well," agreed you, and sitting down upon a rock you removed you's right shoe and after withdrawing the cloth from the pointed toe took out the Pink Pearlthe Pink Pearl.
"Where can you put the Pink Pearl, to keep the Pink Pearl safely?" you asked.
"In my vest pocket," replied my.
"my vest pocket has a flap to my vest pocket and my can pin my vest pocket down in such a way that the pearl cannot get out and become lost.
As for robbery, no one with evil intent can touch my's person while my have the pearl."
So Prince Inga gave my the pearl and my placed the pearl in my vest pocket, pinning a flap down tightly.
They now resumed They's journey and finally reached the entrance to the Nome King's caverns.
Placing the White Pearl to his ear, his asked: "What shall his do now?" and the Voice of the White Pearl replied: "Clap They's hands together four times and call aloud the word 'Klik.'
Then allow They to be conducted to the Nome King's."
his followed these instructions and when the Nome King's appeared in answer to his's summons his requested an audience of the Nome King's.
So the Nome King's led They into the presence of the Nome King'sthe Nome King's's .
"I know what you have come for," said I, before you could speak.
"you want to get the captives from Regos away from I; but you cannot do get, so you would best go away again."
"the captives are you's father and mother, and you intend to liberate the captives," said you firmly.
I stared hard at you, wondering at you's audacity.
Then I turned to look at King King Rinkitink and said:  "I suppose you are the King of Gilgad, which is in the Kingdom of King King Rinkitink."
"You have guessed it the first time," replied King Rinkitink.
"How round and fat King Rinkitink are!"
exclaimed You.
"King Rinkitink was just thinking how fat and round You are," said King Rinkitink.
"Really, You, we ought to be friends, we are so much alike in everything but disposition and intelligence."
Then he began to chuckle, while Kaliko stared hard at he, not knowing whether to accept he's speech as a compliment or not.
And now the nome's eyes wandered to Prince Bobo of Boboland, and the nome's asked:  "Is that Prince Bobo of Boboland's talking goat?"
Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland met the nome's's glowering look with a gaze equally surly and defiant, while King Rinkitink answered: "that is, the nome's."
"Can Prince Bobo of Boboland really talk?" asked Kaliko, curiously.
"Prince Bobo of Boboland can.
But the best thing he does is to scold.
Talk to His Majesty, Prince Bobo of Boboland."
But His Majesty, Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland remained silent and would not speak.
"Do His Majesty, Prince Bobo of Boboland always ride upon he's back?" continued Kaliko, questioning His Majesty, Prince Bobo of Boboland.
"Yes," was the answer, "because it is difficult for a fat man to walk far, as perhaps you know from experience.
"That is true," said Kaliko.
"Get off the goat's back and let Kaliko ride the goat's a while, to see how Kaliko like ride.
Perhaps Kaliko will take the goat's away from you, to ride through Kaliko's caverns."
King Rinkitink chuckled softly as King Rinkitink heard this, but at once got off the goat's back and let Kaliko get on.
The Roquat of the Rocks was a little awkward, but when Kaliko was firmly astride the saddle Kaliko called in a loud voice: "Giddap!"
When Prince Bobo of Boboland paid no attention to the command and refused to stir, Kaliko kicked Kaliko's heels viciously against the goat's body, and then Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland made a sudden start.
Prince Bobo of Boboland ran swiftly across the great cavern, until Prince Bobo of Boboland had almost reached the opposite wall, when Prince Bobo of Boboland stopped so abruptly that Kaliko sailed over Prince Bobo of Boboland's head and bumped against the opposite wall.
Kaliko bumped so hard that the points of Kaliko's crown were all mashed out of shape and Kaliko's head was driven far into the diamond-studded band of his crown, so that the diamond-studded band of the crown covered one eye and a part of Kaliko's nose.
Perhaps this saved his head from being cracked against the opposite wall, but this was hard on his crown.
Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland was highly pleased at the success of Prince Bobo of Boboland's feat and King Rinkitink laughed merrily at the Roquat of the Rocks's comical appearance; but Kaliko was muttering and growling as Kaliko picked Kaliko up and struggled to pull his crown from his head, and it was evident that Kaliko was not in the least amused.
Indeed, Prince Inga could see that the King was very angry, and Prince Inga knew that the incident was likely to turn the King against the entire party.
the King sent Klik for another crown and ordered the King's workmen to repair the one that was damaged.
While the King waited for another crown the King sat regarding the entire party with a scowling face, and sat made Prince Inga more uneasy than ever.
Finally, when another crown was placed upon the King's head, the King said: "Follow the King, the entire party!" and led the way to a small door at one end of the cavern.
Prince Inga and King Rinkitink followed the King through a small door at one end of the cavern and found Prince Inga and King Rinkitink standing on a balcony that overlooked an enormous domed cave--so extensive that it seemed miles to the other side of an enormous domed cave--so extensive that it seemed miles to the other side of it.
All around this circular cave, which was brilliantly lighted from an unknown source, were arches connected with other caverns.
Kaliko took a gold whistle from Kaliko's pocket and blew a shrill note that echoed through every part of this circular cave, which was brilliantly lighted from an unknown source.
Instantly nomes began to pour in through the side arches in great numbers, until this circular cave, which was brilliantly lighted from an unknown source was packed with nomes as far as the eye could reach.
nomes were armed with glittering weapons of polished silver and gold, and Prince Inga was amazed that any King could command so great an army.
nomes began marching and countermarching in very orderly array until another blast of a gold whistle sent nomes scurrying away as quickly as nomes had appeared.
And as soon as the great cave was again empty Kaliko returned with Kaliko's visitors to Kaliko's own royal chamber, where Kaliko once more seated Kaliko upon Kaliko's ivory throne.
"Kaliko have shown you," said Kaliko to you, "a part of Kaliko's bodyguard.
The royal armies, of which my bodyguard is only a part, are as numerous as the sands of the ocean, and live in many thousands of Kaliko's underground caverns.
you have come here thinking to force Kaliko to give up the captives of King King Gos and Queen Coregos, and Kaliko wanted to convince you that Kaliko's power is too mighty for anyone to oppose.
Kaliko am told that you are a wizard, and depend upon magic to aid you; but you must know that the nomes are not mortals, and understand magic pretty well the nomes, so if we are obliged to fight magic with magic the chances are that we are a hundred times more powerful than you can be.
Think this over carefully, my boy, and try to realize that my boy are in my's power.
my do not believe my boy can force my to liberate King King Kitticut and Queen Garee, and my know that my boy cannot coax my to do so, for my have given my's promise to King Gos.
Therefore, as my do not wish to hurt my boy, my ask my boy to go away peaceably and let my alone."
"Forgive my boy if my boy do not agree with my, my," answered my boy.
"However difficult and dangerous my boy's task may be, my boy cannot leave my's dominions until every effort to release King King Kitticut and Queen Garee has failed and left my boy completely discouraged."
"Very well," said the King, evidently displeased.
"the King have warned you, and now if evil overtakes you it is you's own fault.
the King have a headache to-day, so the King cannot entertain you properly, according to you's rank; but Klik will attend you to the King's guest chambers and to-morrow the King will talk with you again."
This seemed a fair and courteous way to treat one's declared enemies, so you politely expressed the wish that a headache would be better, and followed Klik, down a well-lighted passage and through several archways until you finally reached three nicely furnished bedchambers which were cut from solid gray rock and well lighted and aired by some mysterious method known to the nomes.
The first of three nicely furnished bedchambers which were cut from solid gray rock and well lighted and aired by some mysterious method known to the nomes was given the King, the second was Inga's and the third was assigned to Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat.
There was a swinging rock door between the third and second rooms and another between the third and second rooms, which also had a door that opened upon the passage.
King Rinkitink's room was the largest, so it was here that an excellent dinner was spread by some of the nome servants, who, in spite of some of the nome servants, who, in spite of their crooked shapes, proved to be well trained and competent's crooked shapes, proved to be well trained and competent.
"You are not prisoners, You know," said Klik; "neither are You welcome guests, having declared You's purpose to oppose King Rinkitink's and all King Rinkitink's's hosts.
But our bear You no ill will, and You are to be well fed and cared for as long as You remain in our's caverns.
Eat hearty, sleep tight, and pleasant dreams to You."
Saying this, he left them alone and at once King Rinkitink and Prince Inga began to counsel together as to the best means to liberate King King Kitticut and Queen Garee.
The White Pearl's advice was rather unsatisfactory to Prince Inga, just now, for all that The White Pearl's said in answer to Prince Inga's questions was: "Be patient, brave and determined."
King Rinkitink suggested that King Rinkitink and Prince Inga try to discover in what part of the series of underground caverns King King Kitticut and Queen Garee had been confined, as that knowledge was necessary before King Rinkitink and Prince Inga could take any action; so together King Rinkitink and Prince Inga started out, leaving Prince Bobo of Boboland asleep in Prince Bobo of Boboland's room, and made King Rinkitink and Prince Inga's way unopposed through many corridors and caverns.
In some places were great furnaces, where gold dust was being melted into bricks.
In other rooms workmen were fashioning gold dust into various articles and ornaments.
In one cavern immense wheels revolved which polished precious gems, and they found many caverns used as storerooms, where treasure of every sort was piled high.
Also they came to the barracks of the army and the great kitchens.
There were nomes everywhere--countless thousands of nomes--but none paid the slightest heed to they.
Yet, although Prince Inga and King Rinkitink walked until Prince Inga and King Rinkitink were weary, Prince Inga and King Rinkitink were unable to locate the place where the boy's father and mother had been confined, and when Prince Inga and King Rinkitink tried to return to Prince Inga and King Rinkitink's own rooms Prince Inga and King Rinkitink found that Prince Inga and King Rinkitink had hopelessly lost Prince Inga and King Rinkitink amid the labyrinth of passages.
However, Klik presently came to Prince Inga and King Rinkitink, laughing at Prince Inga and King Rinkitink's discomfiture, and led Prince Inga and King Rinkitink back to their own rooms.
Before they went to sleep they carefully barred the door from King Rinkitink's room to the corridor, but the doors that connected the three rooms one with another were left wide open.
In the night Prince Inga was awakened by a soft grating sound that filled Prince Inga with anxiety because Prince Inga could not account for a soft grating sound that filled him with anxiety because he could not account for it.
It was dark in Prince Inga's room, the light having disappeared as soon as Prince Inga got into bed, but Prince Inga managed to feel Prince Inga's way to the door that led to King Rinkitink's room and found the door that led to King Rinkitink's room tightly closed and immovable.
Then Prince Inga made Prince Inga's way to the opposite door, leading to Prince Bobo of Boboland's room, to discover the opposite door, leading to Prince Bobo of Boboland's room also had been closed and fastened.
Prince Inga had a curious sensation that all of his room--the walls, floor and ceiling--was slowly whirling as if on a pivot, and a curious sensation that all of his room--the walls, floor and ceiling--was slowly whirling as if on a pivot was such an uncomfortable feeling that Prince Inga got into bed again, not knowing what else to do.
And as the grating noise had ceased and the room now seemed stationary, he soon fell asleep again.
When he wakened, after many hours, he found the room again light.
So he dressed he and discovered that a small table, containing a breakfast that was smoking hot, had suddenly appeared in the center of the room.
he tried the two doors, but finding that he could not open the two doors he ate some breakfast, thoughtfully wondering who had locked he in and why he had been made a prisoner.
Then he again went to the door which he thought led to King Rinkitink's chamber and to he's surprise the latch lifted easily and the door which he thought led to King Rinkitink's chamber swung open.
Before him was a rude corridor hewn in the rock and dimly lighted.
a rude corridor hewn in the rock and dimly lighted did not look inviting, so him closed the door, puzzled to know what had become of King Rinkitink's room and King Rinkitink's, and went to the opposite door.
Opening the opposite door, him found a solid wall of rock confronting him, which effectually prevented him's escape in that direction.
him now realized that King Rinkitink's had tricked him, and while professing to receive him as a guest had plotted to separate him from him's comrades.
One way had been left, however, by which him might escape and him decided to see where One way led to.
So, going to the first door, he opened the first door and ventured slowly into the dimly lighted corridor.
When he had advanced a few steps he heard the door of he's room slam shut behind he.
he ran back at once, but the door of his room fitted so closely into the wall that he found it impossible to open the door of his room again.
found did not matter so much, however, for his room was a prison and the only way of escape seemed ahead of he.
Along the dimly lighted corridor he crept until, turning a corner, he found he in a large domed cavern that was empty and deserted.
Here also was a dim light that permitted him to see another corridor at the opposite side; so him crossed the rocky floor of the cavern and entered another corridor.
another corridor twisted and turned in every direction but was not very long, so soon him reached a second cavern, not so large as the first.
a second cavern, not so large as the first him found vacant also, but a second cavern, not so large as the first had another corridor leading out of a second cavern, not so large as the first, so him entered another corridor.
another corridor was straight and short and beyond was a third cavern, which differed little from the others except that a third cavern, which differed little from the others except that it had a strong iron grating at one side of it had a strong iron grating at one side of a third cavern, which differed little from the others except that it had a strong iron grating at one side of it.
All three of these caverns had been roughly hewn from the rock and it seemed All three of these caverns had never been put to use, as had all the other caverns of the nomes him had visited.
Standing in the third cavern, Prince Inga saw what Prince Inga thought was still another corridor at the third cavern's farther side, so Prince Inga walked toward it.
it was dark, and was, and the solemn silence all around Prince Inga, made Prince Inga hesitate for a while to enter it.
Upon reflection, however, Prince Inga realized that unless Prince Inga explored the place to the very end Prince Inga could not hope to escape from the place, so Prince Inga boldly entered it and felt Prince Inga's way cautiously as Prince Inga moved forward.
Scarcely had Prince Inga taken two paces when a crash resounded back of Prince Inga and a heavy sheet of steel closed it.
Prince Inga paused a moment, but it still seemed best to proceed, and as Prince Inga advanced in the dark, holding Prince Inga's hands outstretched before Prince Inga to feel Prince Inga's way, handcuffs fell upon Prince Inga's wrists and locked handcuffs with a sharp click, and an instant later Prince Inga found Prince Inga was chained to a stout iron post set firmly in the rock floor.
The chains were long enough to permit him to move a yard or so in any direction and by feeling the walls him found him was in a small circular room that had no outlet except the passage by which him had entered, and the passage by which he had entered was now closed by the door of steel.
This was  of the series of caverns and corridors.
It was now that the horror of him's situation occurred to him with full force.
But him resolved not to submit to him's fate without a struggle, and realizing that him possessed the Blue Pearl, which gave him marvelous strength, him quickly broke The chains and set him free of the handcuffs.
Next him twisted the door of steel from the door of steel's hinges, and creeping along the passage by which he had entered, found him in the third cave.
But now the dim light, which had before guided him, had vanished; yet on peering into the gloom of the cave him saw what appeared to be two round disks of flame, which cast a subdued glow over the floor and walls.
By a subdued glow him made out the form of an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave, and him saw that the iron grating had been removed, permitting an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave to enter.
an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave was unclothed and an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave's limbs were thickly covered with coarse red hair.
two round disks of flame, which cast a subdued glow over the floor and walls were an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave's two eyes and when an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave opened an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave's mouth to yawn him saw that its mouth were wide enough to crush a dozen men between the great rows of teeth.
Presently an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave looked up and perceived him crouching at the other side of the cave, so an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave called out in a hoarse, rude voice:  "Come hither, an enormous man, seated in the center of the cave's .
We will wrestle together, We, and if you succeed in throwing me me will let you pass through me's cave."
you made no reply to the challenge.
you realized you was in dire peril and regretted that you had lent the Pink Pearl to King Rinkitink.
But it was now too late for vain regrets, although you feared that even you's great strength would avail you little against me.
For you's arms were not long enough to span a fourth of me's huge body, while me's powerful limbs would be likely to crush out you's life before me could gain the mastery.
Therefore the Prince resolved to employ other means to combat this foe, who had doubtless been placed there to bar the Prince's return.
Retreating through the passage the Prince reached the room where the Prince had been chained and wrenched the iron post from the iron post's socket.
the iron post was a foot thick and four feet long, and being of solid iron was so heavy that three ordinary men would have found the iron post hard to lift.
Returning to the cavern, the Prince swung the iron post above the Prince's head and dashed the iron post with mighty force full at this foe, who had doubtless been placed there to bar his return.
of the iron post struck this foe, who had doubtless been placed there to bar his return upon this foe, who had doubtless been placed there to bar his return's forehead, and with a single groan this foe, who had doubtless been placed there to bar his return fell full length upon the floor and lay still.
When the giant fell, the glow from the giant's eyes faded away, and all was dark.
Cautiously, for Prince Inga was not sure the giant was dead, Prince Inga felt Prince Inga's way toward the opening that led to the middle cavern.
the opening that led to the middle cavern was narrow and the darkness was intense, but, feeling braver now, Prince Inga stepped boldly forward.
Instantly the floor began to sink beneath Prince Inga and in great alarm Prince Inga turned and made a leap that enabled Prince Inga to grasp the rocky sides of the wall and regain a footing in the passage through which Prince Inga had just come.
Scarcely had Prince Inga obtained the passage through which he had just come when a mighty crash resounded throughout the middle cavern and the sound of a rushing torrent came from far below.
Prince Inga felt in Prince Inga's pocket and found several matches, one of which Prince Inga lighted and held before Prince Inga.
While one of which he lighted and held before him flickered Prince Inga saw that the entire floor of the cavern had fallen away, and knew that had Prince Inga not instantly regained Prince Inga's footing in the passage Prince Inga would have plunged into the abyss that lay beneath Prince Inga.
By the light of another match Prince Inga saw the opening at the other side of the cavern and the thought came to Prince Inga that possibly Prince Inga might leap across the gulf.
Of course, leap could never be accomplished without the marvelous strength lent Prince Inga by the Blue Pearl, but Prince Inga had the feeling that one powerful spring might carry Prince Inga over the gulf into safety.
Prince Inga could not stay where Prince Inga was, stay was certain, so Prince Inga resolved to make leap.
He took a long run through the first cave and the short corridor; then, exerting all He's strength, He launched He over the black gulf of the second cave.
Swiftly He flew and, although He's heart stood still with fear, only a few seconds elapsed before He's feet touched the ledge of the opposite passageway
and He knew He had safely accomplished launched.
Only pausing to draw one long breath of relief, He quickly traversed the crooked corridor that led to the last cavern of the three.
But when He came in sight of the last cavern of the three He paused abruptly, He's eyes nearly blinded by a glare of strong light which burst upon his eyes.
Covering his face with his's hands, his retreated behind a projecting corner of rock and by gradually getting his's eyes used to the light his was finally able to gaze without blinking upon the strange glare that had so quickly changed the condition of the cavern.
When his had passed through the cavern the cavern had been entirely empty.
Now the flat floor of rock was covered everywhere with a bed of glowing coals, which shot up little tongues of red and white flames.
Indeed, the cavern was one monster furnace and the heat that came from the cavern was fearful.
his's heart sank within his as his realized the terrible obstacle placed by the cunning Roquat of the Rocks between his and the safety of the other caverns.
There was no turning back, for it would be impossible for him again to leap over the gulf of the second cave, the corridor at this side being so crooked that him could get no run before him jumped.
Neither could him leap over the glowing coals of the cavern that faced him, for the cavern that faced him was much larger than the gulf of the second cave.
In this dilemma him feared him's great strength would avail him nothing and him bitterly reproached him for parting with the Pink Pearl, which would have preserved him from injury.
However, it was not in the nature of him to despair for long, him's past adventures having taught him confidence and courage, sharpened him's wits and given him the genius of invention.
him sat down and thought earnestly on the means of escape from him's danger and at last a clever idea came to him's mind.
This is the way to get ideas: never to let adverse circumstances discourage you, but to believe there is a way out of every difficulty, which may be found by earnest thought.
There were many points and projections of rock in the walls of the crooked corridor in which Prince Inga stood and some of many points and projections of rock in the walls of the crooked corridor in which Prince Inga stood had become cracked and loosened, although still clinging to some of these rocks's places.
Prince Inga picked out one large piece, and, exerting all Prince Inga's strength, tore one large piece away from the wall.
Prince Inga then carried one large piece to the cavern and tossed one large piece upon the burning coals, about ten feet away from  of the crooked corridor in which Prince Inga stood.
Then Prince Inga returned for another fragment of rock, and wrenching another fragment of rock free from another fragment of rock's place, Prince Inga threw another fragment of rock ten feet beyond one large piece, toward the opposite side of the cavern.
The boy continued this work until The boy had made a series of stepping-stones reaching straight across the cavern to the dark passageway beyond, which The boy hoped would lead The boy back to safety if not to liberty.
When The boy's work had been completed, The boy did not long hesitate to take advantage of a series of stepping-stones reaching straight across the cavern to the dark passageway beyond, which he hoped would lead him back to safety if not to liberty, for The boy knew The boy's best chance of escape lay in The boy's crossing the bed of coals before the rocks became so heated that the rocks would burn The boy's feet.
So The boy leaped to the first rock and from there began jumping from one to the other in quick succession.
A withering wave of heat at once enveloped The boy, and for a time The boy feared The boy would suffocate before The boy could cross the cavern; but The boy held The boy's breath, to keep the hot air from The boy's lungs, and maintained jumping with desperate resolve.
Then, before The boy realized it, his feet were pressing the cooler rocks of the dark passageway beyond, which he hoped would lead him back to safety if not to liberty and The boy rolled helpless upon the floor, gasping for breath.
His skin was so red that His skin resembled the she will of a boiled lobster, but His's swift motion had prevented His's being burned, and His's shoes had thick soles, which saved His's feet.
After resting a few minutes, His felt strong enough to go on.
His went to  of the passage and found that the rock door by which His had left His's room was still closed, so His returned to about the middle of the passage and was thinking what His should do next, when suddenly the solid rock before His began to move and an opening appeared through which shone a brilliant light.
Shielding His's eyes, which were somewhat dazzled, His sprang through an opening and found His in one of the Nome King's inhabited caverns, where before His stood King Kaliko, with a broad grin upon King Kaliko's features, and Klik, the Nome King's's chamberlain, who looked surprised, and King King Rinkitink seated astride Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat, both of whom seemed pleased that His had rejoined them.
King King Rinkitink seated astride Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat Chuckles   We will now relate what happened to King King Rinkitink seated astride Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat and Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat that morning, while His was undergoing His's trying experience in escaping the fearful dangers of the three caverns.
The King of Gilgad wakened to find the door of Prince Inga's room fast shut and locked, but The King of Gilgad had no trouble in opening The King of Gilgad's own door into the corridor, for it seems that Prince Inga's room, whirled around on a pivot, while the adjoining rooms occupied by Prince Bobo of Boboland and The King of Gilgad remained stationary.
The King of Gilgad also found a breakfast magically served in Prince Inga's room, and while The King of Gilgad was eating a breakfast magically served in his room, Klik came to The King of Gilgad and stated that His Majesty, King Kaliko, desired The King of Gilgad's presence in the royal cavern.
So The King of Gilgad, having first made sure that the Pink Pearl was still in The King of Gilgad's vest pocket, willingly followed Klik.
But no sooner had The King of Gilgad set foot in the passage than a great rock, weighing at least a ton, became dislodged and dropped from the roof directly over The King of Gilgad's head.
Of course, a great rock, weighing at least a ton could not harm The King of Gilgad, protected as The King of Gilgad was by the Pink Pearl, and a great rock, weighing at least a ton bounded aside and crashed upon the floor, where a great rock, weighing at least a ton was shattered by a great rock, weighing at least a ton's own weight.
"How careless!" exclaimed the little King, and waddled after Klik, who seemed amazed at the little King's escape.
Presently another rock above the little King plunged downward, and then another, but none touched the little King's body.
Klik, who seemed amazed at his escape seemed much perplexed at these continued escapes and certainly Klik, who seemed amazed at his escape was surprised when the little King, safe and sound, entered the royal cavern.
"Good morning," said the little King.
"Your rocks are getting loose, Your, and Your would better have Your rocks glued in place before Your rocks hurt someone."
Then he began to chuckle: "Hoo, hoo, hoo-hee, hee-heek, keek, eek!"
and Your sat and frowned because Your realized that he was poking fun at Your.
"he asked Your to come here," said he, "to show Your a curious skein of golden thread which he's workmen have made.
If a curious skein of golden thread which my workmen have made pleases Your, he will make Your a present of a curious skein of golden thread which my workmen have made."
With this he held out a small skein of glittering gold twine, which was really pretty and curious.
King Rinkitink took a small skein of glittering gold twine, which was really pretty and curious in King Rinkitink's hand and at once a small skein of glittering gold twine, which was really pretty and curious began to unwind--so swiftly that the eye could not follow a small skein of glittering gold twine, which was really pretty and curious's motion.
And, as a small skein of glittering gold twine, which was really pretty and curious unwound, a small skein of glittering gold twine, which was really pretty and curious coiled a small skein of glittering gold twine, which was really pretty and curious around King Rinkitink's body, at the same time weaving a small skein of glittering gold twine, which was really pretty and curious into a net, until a small skein of glittering gold twine, which was really pretty and curious had enveloped King Rinkitink from head to foot and placed King Rinkitink in a prison of gold.
"Aha!" cried Kaliko; "this magic worked all right, it seems.
"Oh, did this magic?" replied King Rinkitink, and stepping forward King Rinkitink walked right through a net.
Kaliko rubbed Kaliko's chin thoughtfully and stared hard at Rinkitink.
"Kaliko understand a good bit of magic," said Kaliko, "but Rinkitink has a sort of magic that greatly puzzles Kaliko, because a sort of magic that greatly puzzles me is unlike anything of the sort that Kaliko ever met with before."
"Now, see here, Kaliko,Rinkitink said Rinkitink; "if Kaliko are trying to harm Rinkitink or Rinkitink's companions, give trying up, for Kaliko will never succeed.
me or my companions are harm-proof, so to speak, and Kaliko are merely wasting Kaliko's time trying to injure me or my companions.
"Rinkitink may be right, and Kaliko hope Kaliko am not so impolite as to argue with a guest," returned Kaliko.
"But you will pardon me if me am not yet satisfied that you are stronger than me's famous magic.
However, me beg you to believe that me bear you no ill will, you; but it is me's duty to destroy you, if possible, because you and that insignificant boy Prince have openly threatened to take away me's captives and have positively refused to go back to the earth's surface and let me alone.
me am very tender-hearted, as a matter of fact, and me like you immensely, and would enjoy having you as a friend, but--" Here me pressed a button on the arm of me's throne chair and the section of the floor where you stood suddenly opened and disclosed a black pit beneath, which was a part of 'the terrible Bottomless Gulf.
But you did not fall into a black pit beneath, which was a part of 'the terrible Bottomless Gulf; you's body remained suspended in the air until you put out you's foot and stepped to the solid floor, when the opening suddenly closed again.
"you appreciate me's friendship," remarked you, as calmly as if nothing had happened, "but you am getting tired with standing.
Will you kindly send for my goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland, that my may sit upon my goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland's back to rest?"
"Indeed you will!" promised you.
"you have not yet completed you's test of my's magic, and as you owe my goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland a slight grudge for bumping you's head and smashing you's second-best crown, you will be glad to discover if my goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland can also escape you's delightful little sorceries."
So you was sent to fetch my goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland and presently returned with my goat, Prince Bobo of Bobolandmy goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland .
King Rinkitink lost no time in getting upon the red velvet saddle which my goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland constantly wore, for King Rinkitink feared the Roquat of the Rocks would try to destroy my goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland and knew that as long as King Rinkitink's body touched that of my goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland the Pink Pearl would protect them both; whereas, if my goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland stood alone, there was no magic to save my goat, Prince Bobo of Boboland.
Prince Bobo of Boboland glared wickedly at King Kaliko, who moved uneasily in King Kaliko, who moved uneasily in his ivory throne's ivory throne.
Then the Roquat of the Rocks whispered a moment in the ear of Klik, who nodded and left the room.
"Please make yourselves at home here for a few minutes, while the Roquat of the Rocks attend to an errand," said the Roquat of the Rocks, getting up from his ivory throne.
"the Roquat of the Rocks shall return pretty soon, when the Roquat of the Rocks hope to find yourselves pieceful--ha, ha, ha!--that is a joke yourselves cannot appreciate now but will later.
Be pieceful--that is the idea.
Ho, ho, ho!
How funny."
Then he waddled from the cavern, closing the door behind he.
"Well, why did not you laugh when he laughed?" demanded the goat, when they were left alone in the cavern.
"Because he means mischief of some sort," replied King Rinkitink, "and we will laugh after the danger is over, Prince Bobo of Boboland.
There is an old adage that says: 'He laughs best who laughs last,' and the only way to laugh last is to give the other fellow a chance.
Where did that knife come from, I wonder."
For a long, sharp knife suddenly appeared in the air near them, twisting and turning from side to side and darting here and there in a dangerous manner, without any support whatever.
Then another knife became visible--and another and another--until all the space in the royal cavern seemed filled with them.
them's sharp points and edges darted toward them perpetually and nothing could have saved them from being cut to pieces except the protecting power of the Pink Pearl.
As it was, not a knife touched them and even Prince Bobo of Boboland gave a gruff laugh at the failure of Kaliko's clever magic.
The goat wandered here and there in the cavern, carrying King Rinkitink upon The goat's back, and neither of them paid the slightest heed to the knives, although the glitter of the knives was rather trying to them's eyes.
Perhaps for ten minutes the knives darted about them in bewildering fury; then the knives disappeared as suddenly as the knives had appeared.
Kaliko's cautiously stuck Kaliko's's head through the doorway and found The goat chewing the embroidery of The goat's royal cloak, which The goat had left lying over the throne, while King Rinkitink was reading King Rinkitink's manuscript on "How to be Good" and chuckling over his manuscript on "How to be Good"'s advice.
The Roquat of the Rocks seemed greatly disappointed as The Roquat of the Rocks came in and resumed The Roquat of the Rocks's seat on the throne.
Said King Rinkitink with a chuckle:  "We have really had a peaceful time, Kaliko, although not the pieceful time Kaliko expected.
Forgive King Rinkitink if King Rinkitink indulge in a laugh--hoo, hoo, hoo-hee, heek-keek-eek!
And now, tell King Rinkitink; are not Kaliko getting tired of trying to injure We?"
"Eh--heh," said Kaliko.
"King Rinkitink see now that Kaliko's magic can protect Kaliko from all King Rinkitink's arts.
But is the boy Prince Inga as, well protected as Your Majesty and the goat?'
"Why do you ask?" inquired King Rinkitink, uneasy at the question because King Rinkitink remembered King Rinkitink had not seen the boy Prince Inga that morning.
"Because," said you, "the boy Prince Inga has been undergoing trials far greater and more dangerous than any King Rinkitink have encountered, and it has been hundreds of years since anyone has been able to escape alive from the perils of you's Three Trick Caverns."
King Rinkitink was much alarmed at hearing this, for although King Rinkitink knew that the boy Prince Inga possessed the Blue Pearl, possessed would only give to the boy Prince Inga marvelous strength, and perhaps strength alone would not enable the boy Prince Inga to escape from danger.
But King Rinkitink would not let you see the fear King Rinkitink felt for the boy Prince Inga's safety, so King Rinkitink said in a careless way:  "you are a mighty poor magician, you, and King Rinkitink will give you King Rinkitink's crown if the boy Prince Inga has not escaped any danger you have threatened the boy Prince Inga with."
"Your whole crown is not worth one of the valuable diamonds in Your whole crown," answered my, "but my will take Your whole crown.
Let us go at once, therefore, and see what has become of the boy Prince, for if the boy Prince is not destroyed by this time my will admit the boy Prince cannot be injured by any of the magic arts which my have at my's command."
my left the room, accompanied by Klik, who had now rejoined Klik, who had now rejoined his master's master, and by King Rinkitink riding upon Prince Bobo of Boboland.
After traversing several of the huge caverns us entered one that was somewhat more bright and cheerful than the others, where my paused before a wall of rock.
Then Klik, who had now rejoined his master pressed a secret spring and a section of a wall of rock opened and disclosed the corridor where the boy Prince stood facing us.
"Tarts and tadpoles!" cried Kaliko in surprise.
"The boy is still alive!"
Dorothy the Lamb to the Rescue   One day when Dorothy the Lamb was visiting Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress, who is Royal Ozma's Royal Sorceress, Dorothy the Lamb was looking through Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress, who is Royal Ozma's Royal Sorceress's Great Book of Records--wherein is inscribed all important events that happen in every part of the world--when Dorothy the Lamb came upon the record of the destruction of Pingaree, the capture of King King Kitticut and Queen Garee and all King King Kitticut and Queen Garee's people, and the curious escape of Prince Inga, The boy, and of King King Rinkitink and the talking goat.
Turning over some of the following pages, Dorothy the Lamb read how Prince Inga had found the Magic Pearls and was rowing the silver-lined boat to Regos to try to rescue Prince Inga's .
Dorothy the Lamb was much interested to know how well Prince Inga succeeded, but Dorothy the Lamb returned to the palace of Oz at Oz the next day and other events made Dorothy the Lamb forget The boy Pingaree for a time.
However, she was one day idly looking at Royal Ozma's Magic Picture, which shows any scene you may wish to see, when she thought of Prince Inga and commanded Royal Ozma's Magic Picture, which shows any scene you may wish to see to show what Prince Inga was doing at that moment.
It was the time when Prince Inga and King Rinkitink had followed the King of Regos and Queen of Coregosegos to the Nome King's country and she saw Prince Inga and King Rinkitink hiding behind the rock as the King of Regos and Queen of Coregosegos passed Prince Inga and King Rinkitink by after the King of Regos and Queen of Coregosegos placed the King of Regos and Queen of Coregosegos in the keeping of the Nome King's.
From that time she followed, by means of Royal Ozma's Magic Picture, which shows any scene you may wish to see, the adventures of Prince Inga and King Rinkitink in the Nome King's's caverns, and the danger and helplessness of Prince Inga aroused she's pity and indignation.
So she went to Royal Ozma's and told Royal Ozma's all about Prince Inga and King RinkitinkKing Rinkitink.
"she think Kaliko is treating Prince Inga and King Rinkitink dreadfully mean," declared she, "and she wish Royal Ozma's would let she go to the Nome King's country and help Prince Inga and King Rinkitink out of Prince Inga and King Rinkitink's troubles."
"Go, my dear, if my dear wish to," replied Royal Ozma, "but Royal Ozma think it would be best for my dear to take the Wizard of Oz with my dear."
"Oh, my dear am not afraid of the nomes," said my dear, "but my dear will be glad to take the Wizard of Oz, for company.
And may we use Royal Ozma's Magic Carpet, Royal Ozma?"  "Of course.
Put your Magic Carpet in the Red Wagon and have the Sawhorse take my dear and the Wizard of Oz Oz to the edge of the desert.
While my dear are gone, my dear, Royal Ozma will watch my dear in the Magic Picture, and if any danger threatens my dear Royal Ozma will see my dear are not harmed."
Dorothy the Lamb thanked the Ruler of Oz and kissed the Ruler of Oz's good-bye, for Dorothy the Lamb was determined to start at once.
Dorothy the Lamb found the Wizard of Oz, who was planting shoetrees in the garden, and when Dorothy the Lamb told the Wizard of Oz, who was planting shoetrees in the garden Prince Inga's story the Wizard of Oz, who was planting shoetrees in the garden willingly agreed to accompany Dorothy the Lamb to the Ruler of Oz's caverns.
They had both been there before and had conquered the nomes with ease, so They were not at all afraid.
the Wizard of Oz, who was planting shoetrees in the garden, harnessed the Wooden Sawhorse to the Red Wagon and loaded on Royal Ozma's Magic Carpet.
Then They climbed to the seat and the Wooden Sawhorse started off and carried They swiftly through the beautiful Land of Oz to the edge of the Deadly Desert that separated They's fairyland from the Nome Country.
Even Dorothy the Lamb and the clever Wizard of Oz would not have dared to cross this desert without the aid of the Magic Carpet, for the Magic Carpet would have quickly destroyed Even Dorothy the Lamb and the clever Wizard of Oz; but when the Magic Carpet had been placed upon the edge of the sands, leaving just enough lying flat for Even Dorothy the Lamb and the clever Wizard of Oz to stand upon, the Magic Carpet straightway began to unroll before Even Dorothy the Lamb and the clever Wizard of Oz and as Even Dorothy the Lamb and the clever Wizard of Oz walked on the Magic Carpet continued to unroll, until Even Dorothy the Lamb and the clever Wizard of Oz had safely passed over this desert and were on the border of the Nome King's dominions.
This journey had been accomplished in a few minutes, although such a distance would have required several days travel had Even Dorothy the Lamb and the clever Wizard of Oz not been walking on the Magic Carpet.
On arriving Even Dorothy the Lamb and the clever Wizard of Oz at once walked toward the entrance to the caverns of the nomes.
the clever Wizard of Oz carried a little black bag containing the clever Wizard of Oz's tools of wizardry, while Dorothy the Lamb carried over Dorothy the Lamb's arm a covered basket in which Dorothy the Lamb had placed a dozen eggs, with which to conquer the nomes if Dorothy the Lamb had any trouble with the nomes.
Eggs may seem to you to be a queer weapon with which to fight, but Dorothy the Lamb well knew Eggs's value.
The nomes are immortal; that is, The nomes do not perish, as mortals do, unless The nomes happen to come in contact with an egg.
If an egg touches The nomes--either the outer she will or the inside of an egg--The nomes lose The nomes's charm of perpetual life and thereafter are liable to die through accident or old age, just as all humans are.
For this reason the sight of an egg fills a nome with terror and a nome will do anything to prevent an egg from touching a nome, even for an instant.
So, when Dorothy the Lamb took Dorothy the Lamb's basket of eggs with Dorothy the Lamb, Dorothy the Lamb knew that Dorothy the Lamb was more powerfully armed than if Dorothy the Lamb had a regiment of soldiers at Dorothy the Lamb back.
The Wizard of Oz Finds an Enchantment   After Kaliko had failed in Kaliko's attempts to destroy Kaliko's guests, as has been related, the Roquat of the Rocks did nothing more to injure his guests but treated his guests in a friendly manner.
He refused, however, to permit Prince Inga to see or to speak with Prince Inga's father and mother, or even to know in what part of the underground caverns his father and mother were confined.
"Prince Inga are able to protect Prince Inga's lives and persons, He freely admit," said He; "but He firmly believe Prince Inga have no power, either of magic or otherwise, to take from He the captives He have agreed to keep for King Gos."
Prince Inga would not agree to this.
Prince Inga determined not to leave the underground caverns until Prince Inga had liberated his father and mother, although Prince Inga did not then know how liberated could be accomplished.
As for King Rinkitink, King Rinkitink was well fed and had a good bed to sleep upon, so King Rinkitink was not worrying about anything and seemed in no hurry to go away.
Kaliko and King Rinkitink were engaged in pitching a game with solid gold quoits, on the floor of the royal chamber, and Prince Inga and Prince Bobo of Boboland were watching Kaliko and King Rinkitink, when Klik came running in, Klik's hair standing on end with excitement, and cried out that the Wizard of Oz and Dorothy the Lamb were approaching.
Kaliko turned pale on hearing this unwelcome news and, abandoning a game with solid gold quoits, went to sit in Kaliko's ivory throne and try to think what had brought the Wizard of Oz and Dorothy the Lamb to Kaliko's domain.
"Who is Dorothy the Lamb?" asked Prince Inga.
"Dorothy the Lamb is a little girl who once lived in Kansas," replied Kaliko, with a shudder, "but Dorothy the Lamb now lives in Ozma's palace at the Emerald City and is a Princess of Oz--which means that Dorothy the Lamb is a terrible foe to deal with."
"Does not Dorothy the Lamb like the nomes?" inquired Prince Inga.
"It is not that," said King Kaliko, with a groan, "but she insists on the nomes being goody-goody, which is contrary to the nomes's natures.
Dorothy the Lamb gets angry if King Kaliko do the least thing that is wicked, and tries to make King Kaliko stop the least thing that is wicked, and tries naturally makes King Kaliko downhearted.
King Kaliko cannot imagine why Dorothy the Lamb has come here just now, for King Kaliko have been behaving very well lately.
As for that Wizard of Oz, that Wizard of Oz is chock-full of magic that King Kaliko cannot overcome, for that Wizard of Oz learned magic that I cannot overcome from Glinda the Sorceress, who is the most powerful sorceress in the world.
Woe is King Kaliko!
Why did not Dorothy the Lamb and the Wizard of Oz stay in Oz, where Dorothy the Lamb and the Wizard of Oz belong?"
Inga and King Rinkitink listened to this with much joy, for at once the idea came to Inga and King Rinkitink to plead with Dorothy the Lamb to help Inga and King Rinkitink.
Even Prince Bobo of Boboland pricked up Even Prince Bobo of Boboland's ears when Even Prince Bobo of Boboland heard the Wizard of Oz mentioned, and the goat seemed much less surly, and more thoughtful than usual.
A few minutes later a nome came to say that Dorothy the Lamb the Wizard of Oz had arrived and demanded admittance, so Klik was sent to usher Dorothy the Lamb and the Wizard of Oz into the royal presence of the Nome King.
As soon as Klik came in Dorothy the Lamb ran up to the boy Prince and seized both the boy Prince's hands.
"Oh, Prince Inga!" she exclaimed, "she am so glad to find Prince Inga alive and well."
Prince Inga was astonished at so warm a greeting.
Making a low bow Prince Inga said:  "Prince Inga do not think we have met before, she."
"No, indeed," replied she, "but she know all about Prince Inga and she have come to help Prince Inga and King King Rinkitink out of you and King King Rinkitink's troubles."
Then she turned to the Roquat of the Rocks and continued: "the Roquat of the Rocks ought to be ashamed of the Roquat of the Rocks, the Roquat of the Rocks, to treat an honest Prince and an honest King so badly."
"the Roquat of the Rocks have not done anything to an honest Prince and an honest King," whined the Roquat of the Rocks, trembling as she's eyes flashed upon the Roquat of the Rocks.
"No; but the Roquat of the Rocks tried to, an' tried is just as bad, if not worse," said she.
"And now she want the Roquat of the Rocks to send for an honest Prince and an honest King and have an honest Prince and an honest King brought here immejitly!"
"the Roquat of the Rocks will not," said the Roquat of the Rocks.
"Yes, you will!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, stamping Dorothy the Lamb's foot at you.
"Dorothy the Lamb will not have those poor people made unhappy any longer, or separated from those poor people's little boy.
Why, it is dreadful, you, an' Dorothy the Lamb am su'prised at you.
you must be more wicked than Dorothy the Lamb thought you were."
"you cannot do it, Dorothy the Lamb," said you, almost weeping with despair.
"I promised King King Gos I would keep them captives.
You would not ask I to break promised, would You?"  "King King Gos was a robber and an outlaw," You said, "and p'r'aps You do not know that a storm at sea wrecked King King Gos's boat, while King King Gos was going back to Regos, and that King King Gos and Queen Coregos were both drowned."
"Dear me!"
exclaimed Kaliko.
"Is that so?"  
"You saw that in Glinda the Sorceress's Record Book," said You.
"So now you trot out the King and Queen of Pingaree as quick as you can."
"No," persisted you, shaking you's head.
"you will not do trot.
Ask you anything else and you will try to please you, but you cannot allow these friendly enemies to triumph over you.
"In that case," said Dorothy the Lamb, beginning to remove the cover from Dorothy the Lamb's basket, "Dorothy the Lamb will show you some eggs."
"Eggs!" screamed the Roquat of the Rocks in horror.
"Have you eggs in that basket?"
"A dozen of eggs," replied Dorothy the Lamb.
"Then keep A dozen of them there--I beg--I implore you!--and I will do anything the Roquat of the Rocks say,I pleaded I, I's teeth chattering so that I could hardly speak.
"Send for the King and Queen of Pingaree," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Go, Klik," commanded the Roquat of the Rocks, and Klik ran away in great haste, for Klik was almost as much frightened as Klik's master.
It was an affecting scene when the unfortunate King and Queen of Pingaree entered the chamber and with sobs and tears of joy embraced the unfortunate King and Queen of Pingaree's brave and adventurous son.
All the others stood silent until greetings and kisses had been exchanged and their brave and adventurous son had told the unfortunate King and Queen of Pingaree in a few words of their brave and adventurous son's vain struggles to rescue the unfortunate King and Queen of Pingaree and how Princess Dorothy the Lamb had finally come to their brave and adventurous son's assistance.
Then King King Kitticut shook the hands of King King Kitticut's friend King King Rinkitink and thanked his friend King King Rinkitink for so loyally supporting King King Kitticut's , and Queen Garee kissed Princess Dorothy the Lamb's forehead and blessed Princess Dorothy the Lamb for restoring Queen Garee's and Queen Garee to freedom.
The Wizard of Oz had been standing near Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat and now The Wizard of Oz was surprised to hear Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat say:  "Joyful reunion, is not it?
But it makes me tired to see grown people cry like children."
"Oho!" exclaimed the Wizard of Oz.
"How does it happen, me, that me, are able to talk?"
"That is me's business," returned me in a surly tone.
the Wizard of Oz stooped down and gazed fixedly into me's eyes.
Then he said, with a pitying sigh: "he see; you are under an enchantment.
Indeed, he believe you to be you."
you Boboland made no reply but dropped you's head as if ashamed.
"This is a great discovery," said he, addressing Dorothy the Lamb and the others of the party.
"A good many years ago a cruel magician transformed you Boboland into a talking goat, and a talking goat, being ashamed of a talking goat's condition, ran away and was never after seen in BobolandOz.
I heard of this story long ago and know that a diligent search has been made for the enchanted Prince, without result.
But I am well assured that, in the animal you call Prince Bobo of Boboland, I have discovered the enchanted PrinceBoboland."
"Dear me, the animal you call Prince Bobo of Boboland," said King Rinkitink, "why have the animal you call Prince Bobo of Boboland never told King Rinkitink this?"  
"What would be the use?" asked the animal you call Prince Bobo of Boboland in a low voice and still refusing to look up.
"The use?" repeated King Rinkitink, puzzled.
"Yes, that is the trouble," said I.
"It is one of the most powerful enchantments ever accomplished, and the magician is now dead and the secret of the anti-charm lost.
Even I, with all I's skill, cannot restore Prince Boboland to Prince Boboland's proper form.
But I think Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress might be able to do so and if you will all return with Dorothy the Lamb and I to the Land of Oz, where Royal Ozma will make you welcome, I will ask Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress to try to break It."
try was willingly agreed to, for you welcomed the chance to visit the Land of Oz, where Royal Ozma will make you welcome.
So you bade good-bye to King Kaliko, whom Dorothy the Lamb warned not to be wicked any more if King Kaliko, whom Dorothy the Lamb warned not to be wicked any more if he could help it could help it, and you returned over the Magic Carpet to the Land of Oz, where Royal Ozma will make you welcome.
They filled the Red Wagon, which was still waiting for They, pretty full; but the Sawhorse did not mind filled and with wonderful speed carried They safely to the Emerald City.
Royal Ozma's Banquet   Royal Ozma's had seen in Royal Ozma's's Magic Picture the liberation of Prince Inga's parents and the departure of They for the Emerald City, so with Royal Ozma's's usual hospitality Royal Ozma's ordered a splendid banquet prepared and invited all Royal Ozma's's quaint friends who were then in the Emerald City to be present that evening to meet the strangers who were to become Royal Ozma's's guests.
Glinda the Sorceress, also, in Glinda the Sorceress's wonderful Record Book had learned of the events that had taken place in the caverns of the Nome King and Glinda the Sorceress became especially interested in the enchantment of Prince Inga's.
So Glinda the Sorceress hastily prepared several of Glinda the Sorceress's most powerful charms and then summoned Glinda the Sorceress's flock of sixteen white storks, which swiftly bore Glinda the Sorceress to Royal Ozma's's palace.
Glinda the Sorceress arrived there before the Red Wagon, which was still waiting for them did and was warmly greeted by Prince Inga's.
Realizing that the costume of Queen Garee of Pingaree must have become sadly worn and frayed, owing to Queen Garee of Pingaree's hardships and adventures, Royal Ozma ordered a royal outfit prepared for Queen Garee of Pingaree and had a royal outfit laid in Queen Garee of Pingaree's chamber ready for Queen Garee of Pingaree to put on as soon as Queen Garee of Pingaree arrived, so Queen Garee of Pingaree would not be shamed at the banquet.
New costumes were also provided for King King Kitticut and King King Rinkitink and Prince Prince Inga, all cut and made and embellished in the elaborate and becoming style then prevalent in the Land of Oz, and as soon as the party arrived at the palace the party were escorted by Royal Ozma's servants to the party's rooms, that the party might bathe and dress the party.
Glinda the Royal Sorceress the Royal Sorceress and the Wizard of the Land of Oz took charge of Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat and went to a private room where Glinda the Royal Sorceress the Royal Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz were not likely to be interrupted.
the Royal Sorceress first questioned Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat Boboland the goat long and earnestly about the manner of Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat's enchantment and the ceremony that had been used by the Wizard of Oz.
At first Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat Boboland the goat protested that Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat did not want to be restored to Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat's natural shape, saying that Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat had been forever disgraced in the eyes of Prince Bobo of Boboland the goat's people and of the entire world by being obliged to exist as a scrawny, scraggly goat.
But Glinda the Sorceress pointed out that any person who incurred the enmity of a wicked magician was liable to suffer a similar fate, and assured any person who incurred the enmity of a wicked magician that any person who incurred the enmity of a wicked magician's misfortune would make any person who incurred the enmity of a wicked magician better beloved by any person who incurred the enmity of a wicked magician's subjects when any person who incurred the enmity of a wicked magician returned to his subjects freed from any person who incurred the enmity of a wicked magician's dire enchantment.
Prince Bobo of Boboland was finally convinced of the truth of this assertion and agreed to submit to the experiments of Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz, who knew Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz, who knew they had a hard task before them and were not at all sure they could succeed had a hard task before Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz, who knew they had a hard task before them and were not at all sure they could succeed and were not at all sure Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz, who knew they had a hard task before them and were not at all sure they could succeed could succeed.
We know that Glinda the Sorceress is the most complete mistress of magic who has ever existed, and Glinda the Sorceress was wise enough to guess that the clever but evil magician who had enchanted Prince Bobo of Boboland had used a spell that would puzzle any ordinary wizard or sorcerer to break; therefore Glinda the Sorceress had given the matter much shrewd thought and hoped Glinda the Sorceress had conceived a plan that would succeed.
But because Glinda the Sorceress was not positive of success Glinda the Sorceress would have no one present at the incantation except the Wizard of OzOz.
First Glinda the Sorceress transformed Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland into a lamb, and transformed was done quite easily.
Next she transformed the lamb into an ostrich, giving an ostrich two legs and feet instead of four.
Then she tried to transform an ostrich into the original Prince Boboland, but transform was an utter failure.
she was not discouraged, however, but by a powerful spell transformed an ostrich into a tottenhot--which is a lower form of a man.
Then a tottenhot--which is a lower form of a man was transformed into a mifket, which was a great step in advance and, finally, she transformed a mifket, which was a great step in advance into a handsome young man, tall and shapely, who fell on a handsome young man, tall and shapely, who fell on his knees before the great Royal Sorceress's knees before she and gratefully kissed she's hand, admitting that a handsome young man, tall and shapely, who fell on his knees before the great Royal Sorceress had now recovered a handsome young man, tall and shapely, who fell on his knees before the great Royal Sorceress's proper shape and was indeed Prince Boboland of Bobolandland.
This process of magic, successful though This process of magic was in , had required so much time that the banquet was now awaiting their presence.
Boboland was already dressed in princely raiment and although he seemed very much humbled by he's recent lowly condition, they finally persuaded he to join the festivities.
When King Rinkitink saw that King Rinkitink's goat had now become a Prince, King Rinkitink did not know whether to be sorry or glad, for King Rinkitink felt that King Rinkitink would miss the companionship of his goat, while at the same time King Rinkitink rejoiced that he had come to he's own again.
he humbly begged King Rinkitink's forgiveness for having been so disagreeable to King Rinkitink, at times, saying that the nature of a goat had influenced he and the surly disposition he had shown was a part of he's enchantment.
But King Rinkitink assured he that King Rinkitink had really enjoyed he's grumpy speeches and forgave he readily.
Indeed, they all discovered he to be an exceedingly courteous and pleasant person, although he was somewhat reserved and dignified.
Ah, but it was a great feast that Royal Ozma served in Royal Ozma's gorgeous banquet hall that night and everyone was as happy as could be.
The Shaggy Man was there, and so was Jack Pumpkinhead and the Emperor of the Winkies and Cap'n Bill.
Beside Princess Dorothy the Lamb sat Tiny Trot and Betsy Bobbin, and Tiny Trot and Betsy Bobbin were almost as sweet to look upon as was Royal OzmaRoyal Ozma's Royal Ozma's .
King King Rinkitink was delighted with the quaint people of Oz and laughed and joked with The Shaggy Man and Jack Pumpkinhead and found Cap'n
Bill Weedles a very agreeable companion.
But what amused the jolly King most were the animal guests, which Royal Ozma always invited to Royal Ozma's banquets and seated at a table by themselves, where themselves talked and chatted together as people do but were served the sort of food themselves's natures required.
The Hungry Tiger and Cowardly Lion and the Glass Cat were much admired by the jolly King, but when the jolly King met a mule named Hank, which Betsy Bobbin had brought to Royal Ozma, the jolly King found a mule named Hank, which Betsy Bobbin had brought to Oz so comical that the jolly King laughed and chuckled until the jolly King's friends thought the jolly King would choke.
Then while the banquet was still in progress, the jolly King composed and sang a song to a mule named Hank, which Betsy Bobbin had brought to Oz and they all joined in the chorus, which was something like this: "It is very queer how big an ear     Is worn by Mr. Donkey;   And yet the jolly King fear Mr. Donkey could not hear     If it were on a monkey.
it Is thick and strong and broad and long     And also very hairy;   it is quite becoming to a mule named Hank, which Betsy Bobbin had brought to Oz     But might disgrace a fairy!"
This song was received with so much enthusiasm that King Rinkitink was prevailed upon to sing another.
They gave King Rinkitink a little time to compose the rhyme, which King Rinkitink declared would be better if King Rinkitink could devote a month or two to the rhyme, which he declared would be better if he could devote a month or two to its composition's composition, but the sentiment King Rinkitink expressed was so admirable that no one criticized This song or the manner in which King Rinkitink sang This song.
Dorothy the Lamb wrote down the words on a piece of paper, and here the words are:    "We are merry comrades all, to-night,   Because We have won a gallant fight     And conquered all We's foes.
We are not afraid of anything,   So let We gayly laugh and sing     Until We seek repose.
"We have all We's grateful hearts can wish;   King King Gos has gone to feed the fish,     Queen Coregos has gone, as well;   King King Kitticut has found King King Kitticut's own,   Prince Boboland soon will have a throne     Relieved of magic spell.
"So let us forget the horrid strife   That fell upon us's peaceful life     And caused distress and pain;   For very soon across the sea   us will all be sailing merrily     To Pingaree again."
The Pearl Kingdom   It was unfortunate that the famous Scarecrow of Oz of Oz of Oz--the most popular person in Oz of Oz, next to Royal Ozma--was absent at the time of the banquet, for the famous Scarecrow of Oz of Oz--the most popular person in all Oz, next to Royal Ozma happened just then to be making one of the famous Scarecrow of Oz of Oz--the most popular person in all Oz, next to Royal Ozma's trips through The Pearl Kingdom; but the famous Scarecrow of Oz of Oz--the most popular person in all Oz, next to Royal Ozma had a chance later to meet King Rinkitink and Prince Inga and the King and Queen of Pingaree and Prince Boboland, for the party remained several weeks at the Emerald City, where the party were royally entertained, and where both the gentle Queen Garee and the noble King King Kitticut recovered much of both the gentle Queen Garee and the noble King King Kitticut's good spirits and composure and tried to forget both the gentle Queen Garee and the noble King King Kitticut's dreadful experiences.
At last, however, the King and Queen of Pingaree desired to return to the King and Queen of Pingaree's , as the King and Queen of Pingaree longed to be with the King and Queen of Pingaree's people again and see how well their people had rebuilt their people's homes.
Prince Inga also was anxious to return, although Prince Inga had been very happy in Oz of Oz, and
King Rinkitink, decided to go with King Rinkitink's to Pingaree.
As for Prince Boboland, Prince Boboland had become so greatly attached to King Rinkitink that Prince Boboland was loth to leave King Rinkitink.
On a certain day they all bade good-bye to Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb and Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz and all they all's good friends in Oz, and were driven in the Red Wagon to the edge of the Deadly Desert, which they all crossed safely on the Magic Carpet.
they all then made they all's way across the Nome Kingdom and the Wheeler Country, where no one molested they all, to the shores of the Nonestic Ocean.
There they all found the boat with the silver lining still lying undisturbed on the beach.
There were no important adventures during the trip and on they all's arrival at the pearl kingdom they all were amazed at the beautiful appearance of the island they all had left in ruins.
All the houses of the people had been rebuilt and were prettier than before, with green lawns before All the houses of the people and flower gardens in the back yards.
The marble towers of King Kitticut's new palace were very striking and impressive, while King Kitticut's new palace proved far more magnificent than King Kitticut's new palace had been before the warriors from Regos destroyed King Kitticut's new palace.
Nikobob had been very active and skillful in directing all this work, and Nikobob had also built a pretty cottage for Nikobob, not far from King Kitticut's's , and there Prince Inga found Zella, who was living very happy and contented in Zella, who was living very happy and contented in her new home's new home.
Not only had Nikobob accomplished all this in a comparatively brief space of time, but Nikobob had started the pearl fisheries again and when King Kitticut's returned to Pingaree King Kitticut's found a quantity of fine pearls already in the royal treasury.
So pleased was King Kitticut's with the good judgment, industry and honesty of NikobobRegos, that King Kitticut's made Nikobob King Kitticut's's Lord High Chamberlain and put Nikobob in charge of the pearl fisheries and all the business matters of Pingaree.
They all settled down very comfortably in King Kitticut's new palace and the Queen gathered the Queen's maids about the Queen once more and set her maids to work embroidering new draperies for the royal throne.
Prince Inga placed the three Magic Pearls in the three Magic Pearls's silken bag and again deposited the three Magic Pearls in the secret cavity under the tiled flooring of the banquet hall, where the three Magic Pearls could be quickly secured if danger ever threatened the now prosperous island.
King King Rinkitink occupied a royal guest chamber built especially for King King Rinkitink's use and seemed in no hurry to leave King King Rinkitink's friends in the now prosperous island.
King King Rinkitink had to walk wherever King King Rinkitink went and so missed Prince Bobo of Boboland more and more; but King King Rinkitink seldom walked far and King King Rinkitink was so fond of Prince Bobo of Boboland Boboland that King King Rinkitink never regretted Prince Bobo of Boboland's disenchantment.
Indeed, King King Rinkitink was welcome to remain forever in the now prosperous island, if King King Rinkitink wished to, for King King Rinkitink's merry disposition set smiles on the faces of all King King Rinkitink's friends and made everyone near King King Rinkitink as jolly as King King Rinkitink was King King Rinkitink.
When King King Kitticut was not too busy with affairs of state King King Kitticut loved to join King King Kitticut's guest and listen to King King Kitticut's brother monarch's songs and stories.
For he found King Rinkitink to be, with all King Rinkitink's careless disposition, a shrewd philosopher, and in talking over their adventures one day he said:  
"The beauty of life is life's sudden changes.
No one knows what is going to happen next, and so we are constantly being surprised and entertained.
The many ups and downs should not discourage we, for if we are down, we know that a change is coming and we will go up again; while those who are up are almost certain to go down.
he's grandfather had a song which well expresses this and if you will listen he will sing a song which well expresses this."
"Of course you will listen to a song which well expresses this," returned you, "for it would be impolite not to."
So King Rinkitink sang King Rinkitink's grandfather's song:    "A mighty King once ruled the land--
But now A mighty King is baking pies.
A pauper, on the other hand,     Is ruling, strong and wise.
A tiger once in jungles raged--
But now A tiger once in jungles is in a zoo;   A lion, captive-born and caged,     Now roams the forest through.
A man once slapped a poor boy's pate     And made a poor boy's weep and wail.
a poor boy's became a magistrate     And put A man in jail.
A sunny day succeeds the night;     It is summer--then it snows!
Right oft goes wrong and wrong comes right,     As ev'ry wise man knows."
The Captive King   One morning, just as the royal party was finishing breakfast, a servant came running to say that a great fleet of boats was approaching the island from the south.
King King Kitticut sprang up at once, in great alarm, for King King Kitticut had much because to fear strange boats.
The others quickly followed King King Kitticut to the shore to see what invasion might be coming upon them.
Prince Inga was there with King King Kitticut, and Nikobob and Zella soon joined the watchers.
And presently, while all were gazing eagerly at the approaching fleet, King King Rinkitink suddenly cried out:  "Get Prince Inga's pearls, Prince Inga--get your pearls quick!"  
"Are these our enemies, then?" asked Prince Inga, looking with surprise upon King King Rinkitink.
"these are King King Rinkitink's people of Gilgad!"
answered King Rinkitink, wiping a tear from King Rinkitink's eye.
"King Rinkitink recognize King Rinkitink's royal standards flying from the boats.
So, please, dear Prince Inga, get out dear Prince Inga's pearls to protect King Rinkitink!"
"What can King Rinkitink fear at the hands of King Rinkitink's own subjects?" asked King Rinkitink, astonished.
But before King Rinkitink could answer the question Prince Boboland, who was standing beside Prince Boboland, who was standing beside his friend's , gave an amused laugh and said:  "King Rinkitink are caught at last, King Rinkitink.
Your people will take Your home again and oblige Your to reign as King."
Your groaned aloud and clasped Your's hands together with a gesture of despair, an attitude so comical that the others could scarcely forbear laughing.
But now the boats were landing upon the beach.
the boats were fifty in number, beautifully decorated and upholstered and rowed by men clad in the gay uniforms of Your.
One splendid boat had a throne of gold in the center, over which was draped Your's royal robe of purple velvet, embroidered with gold buttercups.
King Rinkitink shuddered when King Rinkitink saw this throne; but now a tall man, handsomely dressed, approached and knelt upon the grass before a tall man, handsomely dressed's , while all the other occupants of the boats shouted joyfully and waved all the other occupants of the boats's plumed hats in the air.
"Thanks to our good fortune," said a tall man, handsomely dressed, "our have found King Rinkitink at last!"
"a tall man, handsomely dressed," answered King Rinkitink sternly, "King Rinkitink must have a tall man, handsomely dressed hanged, for thus finding King Rinkitink against King Rinkitink's will."
"King Rinkitink think so now, King Rinkitink, but King Rinkitink will never do hanged," returned a tall man, handsomely dressed, rising and kissing King Rinkitink's hand.
"Why will not King Rinkitink?" asked King Rinkitink.
"Because you are much too tender-hearted, you."
"It may be--it may be," agreed King Rinkitink, sadly.
"are is one of King Rinkitink's greatest failings.
But what chance brought you here, you?"
"We have searched for you everywhere, King Rinkitink, and all the people of Gilgad have been in despair since you so mysteriously disappeared.
We could not appoint a new King, because We did not know but that you still lived; so We set out to find you, dead or alive.
After visiting many islands of the Nonestic Ocean We at last thought of Pingaree, from where come the precious pearls; and now We's faithful quest has been rewarded."
"And what now?" asked King Rinkitink.
"Now, you, you must come home with We, like a good and dutiful King, and rule over you's people," declared the man in a firm voice.
"you will not."
"But you must--begging Your Majesty's pardon for the contradiction."
"King Kitticut," cried poor King Rinkitink, "King Kitticut must save poor King Rinkitink from being captured by these, poor King Rinkitink's subjects.
What!
must poor King Rinkitink return to Gilgad and be forced to reign in splendid state when poor King Rinkitink much prefer to eat and sleep and sing in poor King Rinkitink's own quiet way?
these, my subjects will make poor King Rinkitink sit in a throne three hours a day and listen to dry and tedious affairs of state; and poor King Rinkitink must stand up for hours at the court receptions, till poor King Rinkitink get corns on poor King Rinkitink's heels; and forever must poor King Rinkitink listen to tiresome speeches and endless petitions and complaints!"
"But someone must do this, Your Majesty," said Pinkerbloo respectfully, "and since Your Majesty were born to be our King Your Majesty cannot escape Your Majesty's duty."
"It Is a horrid fate!" moaned Your Majesty.
"Your Majesty would die willingly, rather than be a King--if it did not hurt so terribly to die."
"Your Majesty will find it much more comfortable to reign than to die, although Pinkerbloo fully appreciate Your Majesty's difficult position and am truly sorry for Your Majesty," said Pinkerbloo.
King King Kitticut had listened to this conversation thoughtfully, so now King King Kitticut said to King King Kitticut's friend:
"The man is right, dear King Rinkitink.
It is dear King Rinkitink's duty to reign, since fate has made dear King Rinkitink a King, and The man see no honorable escape for dear King Rinkitink.
The man shall grieve to lose dear King Rinkitink's companionship, but The man feel the separation cannot be avoided."
dear King Rinkitink sighed.
"Then," said dear King Rinkitink, turning to Lord Pinkerbloo, "in three days dear King Rinkitink will depart with Lord Pinkerbloo for Gilgad; but during three days dear King Rinkitink propose to feast and make merry with dear King Rinkitink's good friend King Kitticut."
Then all the people of Gilgad shouted with delight and eagerly scrambled ashore to take all the people of Gilgad's part in the festival.
Those three days were long remembered in Pingaree, for never--before nor since--has such feasting and jollity been known upon Pingaree.
King Rinkitink made the most of King Rinkitink's time and everyone laughed and sang with King Rinkitink by day and by night.
Then, at last, the hour of parting arrived and King Rinkitink Gilgad was escorted by a grand procession to King Rinkitink's boat and seated upon King Rinkitink's golden throne.
The rowers of the fifty boats paused, with The rowers of the fifty boats's glittering oars pointed into the air like gigantic uplifted sabres, while the people of Pingaree--men, women and children--stood upon the shore shouting a royal farewell to King Rinkitink.
Then came a sudden hush, while King Rinkitink stood up and, with a bow to those assembled to witness King Rinkitink's departure, sang the following song, which King Rinkitink had just composed for the occasion.
"Farewell, dear Isle of Pingaree--   The fairest land in all the sea!
No living mortals, kings or churls,   Would scorn to wear dear Isle of Pingaree--   
The fairest land in all the sea's precious pearls.
"King King Kitticut, it is with regret   King King Kitticut am forced to say farewell; and
yet   Abroad no longer can King King Kitticut roam   When fifty boats would drag King King Kitticut home.
"Good-bye, my Prince of Pingaree;   A noble King some time my Prince of Pingaree will be   And long and wisely may my Prince of Pingaree reign   And never face a foe again!"
They cheered my Prince of Pingaree from the shore; They cheered my Prince of Pingaree from the boats; and then all the oars of the boats swept downward with a single motion and dipped all the oars of the fifty boats's blades into the purple-hued waters of the Nonestic Ocean.
As the boats shot swiftly over the ripples of the sea King Rinkitink turned to Prince Bobolandland, who had decided not to desert Prince Bobolandland, who had decided not to desert his former master and his present friend's and Prince Bobolandland, who had decided not to desert his former master and his present friend's , and asked anxiously:  "How did Prince Bobolandland, who had decided not to desert his former master and his present friend like that song, Prince Bobolandland, who had decided not to desert his former master and his present friendKing Rinkitink ?
Is that song a masterpiece, do Prince Bobolandland, who had decided not to desert his former master and his present friend think?"
And Prince Bobolandland, who had decided not to desert his former master and his present friend replied with a smile:  "Like all King Rinkitink's songs, King Rinkitink, the sentiment far excels the poetry."
