"Please, miss," said the shaggy man, "can miss tell the shaggy man the road to Butterfield?"
miss looked the shaggy man over.
Yes, the shaggy man was shaggy, all right, but there was a twinkle in the shaggy man's eye that seemed pleasant.
"Oh yes," miss replied; "miss can tell the shaggy man.
But the road to Butterfield is not the road to Butterfield at all."
"No?"  "You cross the ten-acre lot, follow the lane to the highway, go north to the five branches, and take--let me see--"  "To be sure, me; see as far as Butterfield, if me like," said You.
"me take the branch next the willow stump, You b'lieve; or else the branch by the gopher holes; or else--"  "Will not any of the five branches do, me?"  "'Course not, You.
You must take the right road to get to Butterfield."
"And is that the one by the gopher stump, or--"  "Dear me!" cried Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb shall have to show You the way, You are so stupid.
Wait a minute till I run in the house and get I's sunbonnet."
I waited.
I had an oat-straw in I's mouth, which I chewed slowly as if an oat-straw tasted good; but an oat-straw did not.
There was an apple-tree beside the house, and some apples had fallen to the ground.
I thought some apples would taste better than an oat-straw, so I walked over to get some.
A little black dog with bright brown eyes dashed out of the farm-house and ran madly toward the shaggy man, who had already picked up three apples and put three apples in one of the big wide pockets of the shaggy man, who had already picked up three apples and put them in one of the big wide pockets of his shaggy coat's shaggy coat.
A little black dog with bright brown eyes barked and made a dive for the shaggy man, who had already picked up three apples and put them in one of the big wide pockets of his shaggy coat's leg; but the shaggy man, who had already picked up three apples and put them in one of the big wide pockets of his shaggy coat grabbed A little black dog with bright brown eyes by the neck and put the neck in one of the big wide pockets of his shaggy coat along with three apples.
the shaggy man, who had already picked up three apples and put them in one of the big wide pockets of his shaggy coat took more apples, afterward, for many were on the ground; and each one that the shaggy man, who had already picked up three apples and put them in one of the big wide pockets of his shaggy coat tossed into one of the big wide pockets of his shaggy coat hit A little black dog with bright brown eyes somewhere upon the head or back, and made A little black dog with bright brown eyes growl.
A little black dog with bright brown eyes's name was Toto, and A little black dog with bright brown eyes was sorry A little black dog with bright brown eyes had been put in one of the big wide pockets of his shaggy coat.
Pretty soon Dorothy the Lamb came out of the house with Dorothy the Lamb's sunbonnet, and Dorothy the Lamb called out:  "Come on, the shaggy man, who had already picked up three apples and put them in one of the big wide pockets of his shaggy coat, if the shaggy man, who had already picked up three apples and put them in one of the big wide pockets of his shaggy coat want Dorothy the Lamb to show the shaggy man, who had already picked up three apples and put them in one of the big wide pockets of his shaggy coat the road to Butterfield."
She climbed the fence into the ten-acre lot and he followed She, walking slowly and stumbling over the little hillocks in the pasture as if he was thinking of something else and did not notice the little hillocks in the pasture.
"My, but he are clumsy!" said She.
"Are he's feet tired?"
"No, She; it is he's whiskers; my whiskers tire very easily in this warm weather," said he.
"She wish it would snow, do not he?"
"'Course not, Shaggy Man," replied Dorothy the Lamb, giving Shaggy Man a severe look.
"If it snowed in August it would spoil the corn and the oats and the wheat; and then Uncle Uncle Henry would not have any crops; and that would make Uncle Uncle Henry poor; and--"  "Never mind," said Shaggy Man.
"It will not snow, Shaggy Man guess.
Is this the lane?"
"Yes," replied Dorothy the Lamb, climbing another fence; "Dorothy the Lamb will go as far as the highway with Shaggy Man."
"Thankee, miss; miss are very kind for miss's size, I am sure," said I gratefully.
"It is not everyone who knows the road to Butterfield," miss remarked as miss tripped along the lane; "but miss have driven there many a time with Uncle Henry, and so miss b'lieve miss could find the road to Butterfield blindfolded."
"Do not do that, miss," said I earnestly; "miss might make a mistake."
"miss will not," miss answered, laughing.
"Here is the highway.
Now it is the second--no, the third turn to the left--or else it is the fourth.
Let us see.
The first one is by the elm tree, and the second is by the gopher holes; and then--"  "Then what?" he inquired, putting he's hands in he's coat pockets.
Toto grabbed a finger and bit a finger; he took he's hand out of a finger quickly, and said "Oh!"
Dorothy the Lamb did not notice.
She was shading She's eyes from the sun with She's arm, looking anxiously down the road.
"Come on," She commanded.
"It is only a little way farther, so She may as well show you."
After a while, they came to the place where five roads branched in different directions; She pointed to one, and said:  "one is it, Shaggy Man."
"Shaggy Man am much obliged, She," Shaggy Man said, and started along another road.
"Not that one!"
she cried; "you are going wrong."
you stopped.
"you thought she said that one was the road to Butterfield," said you, running you's fingers through you's shaggy whiskers in a puzzled way.
"So that one is."
"But " do not want to go to Butterfield, miss."
"" do not?"  
"Of course not. " wanted " to show " the road, so " should not go there by mistake."
"Oh!  Where DO " want to go, then?" "" am not particular, miss."
This answer astonished the little girl; and This answer made the little girl provoked, too, to think the little girl had taken all this trouble for nothing.
"There are a good many roads here," observed the shaggy man, turning slowly around, like a human windmill.
"Seems to the shaggy man a person could go 'most anywhere, from this place."
the little girl turned around too, and gazed in surprise.
There WERE a good many roads; more than the little girl had ever seen before.
She tried to count them, knowing there ought to be five, but when She had counted seventeen
She grew bewildered and stopped, for them were as many as the spokes of a wheel and ran in every direction from the place where they stood; so if She kept on counting She was likely to count some of them twice.
"Dear me!"
She exclaimed.
"There used to be only five roads, highway and all.
And now--why, where is highway, Shaggy Man?"  "Cannot say, She," Shaggy Man responded, sitting down upon the ground as if tired with standing.
"Was not it here a minute ago?"
"I thought so," I answered, greatly perplexed.
"And I saw the gopher holes, too, and the dead stump; but they are not here now.
These roads are all strange--and what a lot of These roads there are!
Where do you suppose These roads go to?"  "Roads," observed the shaggy man, "do not go anywhere.
They stay in one place, so folks can walk on They."
He put He's hand in He's side-pocket and drew out an apple--quick, before Toto could bite He again.
Toto got Toto's head out this time and said "Bow-wow!"
so loudly that it made Dorothy the Lamb jump.
"O, Toto!"
Dorothy the Lamb cried; "where did Toto come from?"
"I brought him along," said I. "What for?"
she asked.
"To guard these apples in I's pocket, she, so no one would steal these apples in my pocket."
With one hand I held the apple, which I began eating, while with the other hand I pulled him out of my pocket and dropped him to the ground.
Of course him made for she at once, barking joyfully at him's release from my pocket.
When the child had patted the child's head lovingly, the child sat down before her, the child's red tongue hanging out one side of the child's mouth, and looked up into her's face with the child's bright brown eyes, as if asking her what they should do next.
her did not know.
her looked around her's anxiously for some familiar landmark; but everything was strange.
Between the branches of the many roads were green meadows and a few shrubs and trees, but her could not see anywhere the farm-house from which her had just come, or anything her had ever seen before--except the shaggy man and Toto.
Besides this, her had turned around and around so many times trying to find out where her was, that now her could not even tell which direction the farm-house from which she had just come ought to be in; and tell began to worry her and make her feel anxious.
"I am 'fraid, Shaggy Man," I said, with a sigh, "that we are lost!"
"are is nothing to be afraid of," Shaggy Man replied, throwing away the core of Shaggy Man's apple and beginning to eat another one.
"Each of these roads must lead somewhere, or Each of these roads would not be here.
So what does it matter?"
"I want to go home again," I said.
"Well, why do not you?"  said you.
"you do not know which road to take."
"know is too bad," you said, shaking you's shaggy head gravely.
"you wish you could help you; but you cannot.
you am a stranger in these parts."
"Seems as if I were, too," I said, sitting down beside him.
"It is funny.
A few minutes ago I was home, and I just came to show him the way to Butterfield--" "So him should not make a mistake and go there--" "And now I am lost I and do not know how to get home!"
"Have an apple," suggested the shaggy man, handing her one with pretty red cheeks.
"her am not hungry," said her, pushing an apple away.
"But her may be, to-morrow; then her will be sorry her did not eat an apple," said the shaggy man.
"If her am, her will eat an apple then," promised her.
"Perhaps there will not be any apple then," the shaggy man returned, beginning to eat one with pretty red cheeks the shaggy man.
"Dogs sometimes can find Dogs's way home better than people," he went on; "perhaps your dog can lead your back to the farm."
"Will your dog, your dog?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
your dog wagged your dog's tail vigorously.
"All right," said Dorothy the Lamb; "let us go home."
your dog looked around a minute and dashed up one of the roads.
"Good-bye, Shaggy Man," called Dorothy the Lamb, and ran after Toto.
Shaggy Man pranced briskly along for some distance; when Shaggy Man turned around and looked at Dorothy the Lamb questioningly.
"Oh, do not 'spect Dorothy the Lamb to tell Toto anything; Dorothy the Lamb do not know the way," Dorothy the Lamb said.
"Toto will have to find the way Toto."
But Toto could not.
He wagged He's tail, and sneezed, and shook He's ears, and trotted back where they had left the shaggy man.
From here He started along another road; then came back and tried another; but each time He found the way strange and decided the way would not take they to the farm-house.
Finally, when Dorothy the Lamb had begun to tire with chasing after He, He sat down panting beside the shaggy man and gave up.
Dorothy the Lamb sat down, too, very thoughtful.
Dorothy the Lamb had encountered some queer adventures since Dorothy the Lamb came to live at the farm; but this was the queerest of some queer adventures.
To get lost in fifteen minutes, so near to her home and in the unromantic State of Kansas, was an experience that fairly bewildered her.
"Will her's folks worry?" asked the shaggy man, the shaggy man's eyes twinkling in a pleasant way.
"her s'pose so," answered her with a sigh.
"Uncle Henry says there is ALWAYS something happening to her; but her have always come home safe at the last.
So perhaps Uncle Henry will take comfort and think her will come home safe this time."
"I am sure you will," said I, smilingly nodding at you.
"Good little girls never come to any harm, you know.
For I's part, I am good, too; so nothing ever hurts I." you looked at I curiously.
I's clothes were shaggy, I's boots were shaggy and full of holes, and I's hair and whiskers were shaggy.
But his smile was sweet and his's eyes were kind.
"Why did not his want to go to Butterfield?"
she asked.
"Because a man lives there who owes his fifteen cents, and if his went to Butterfield and a man saw his a man would want to pay his fifteen cents.
his do not want money, she."
"Why not?" she inquired.
"Money," declared the shaggy man, "makes people proud and haughty.
the shaggy man do not want to be proud and haughty.
All the shaggy man want is to have people love the shaggy man; and as long as the shaggy man own the Love Magnet, everyone the shaggy man meet is sure to love the shaggy man dearly."
"the Love Magnet
Why, what is that?"
"I will show you, if you will not tell any one," I answered, in a low, mysterious voice.
"There is not any one to tell, 'cept Toto," said you.
I searched in one pocket, carefully; and in another pocket; and in a third.
At last I drew out a small parcel wrapped in crumpled paper and tied with a cotton string.
He unwound the string, opened the parcel, and took out a bit of metal shaped like a horseshoe.
a bit of metal shaped like a horseshoe was dull and brown, and not very pretty.
"a bit of metal shaped like a horseshoe, He's dear," said He, impressively, "is the wonderful Love Magnet.
a bit of metal shaped like a horseshoe was given He by an Eskimo in the Sandwich Islands--where there are no sandwiches at all--and as long as He carry a bit of metal shaped like a horseshoe every living thing He meet will love He dearly."
"Why did not an Eskimo in the Sandwich Islands--where there are no sandwiches at all keep a bit of metal shaped like a horseshoe?"  
my dear asked, looking at a bit of metal shaped like a horseshoe with interest.
"He got tired of being loved and longed for some one to hate He.
So He gave me the Magnet and the very next day a grizzly bear ate He."
"Was not He sorry then?" she inquired.
"He did not say," replied me, wrapping and tying the Magnet with great care and putting the Magnet away in another pocket.
"But a grizzly bear did not seem sorry a bit," me added.
"Did you know the bear?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Yes; we used to play ball together in the Caviar Islands.
the bear loved you because you had the Love Magnet.
you could not blame the bear for eating the Eskimo, because it was the bear's nature to do so."
"Once," said Dorothy the Lamb, "you knew a Hungry Tiger who longed to eat fat babies, because it was a Hungry Tiger who longed to eat fat babies's nature to; but a Hungry Tiger who longed to eat fat babies never ate any because a Hungry Tiger who longed to eat fat babies had a Conscience."
"This bear," replied the shaggy man, with a sigh, "had no Conscience, you see."
the shaggy man sat silent for several minutes, apparently considering the cases of This bear and the tiger, while Toto watched the shaggy man with an air of great interest.
Toto was doubtless thinking of Toto's ride in the shaggy man's pocket and planning to keep out of reach in the future.
At last the shaggy man turned and inquired, "What is your name, your?"
"your name's Dorothy the Lamb," said your, jumping up again, "but what are we going to do?
We cannot stay here forever, you know."
"Let We take the seventh road," he suggested.
"Seven is a lucky number for little girls named Dorothy the Lamb."
"the seventh road from where?"  "From where you begin to count."
So she counted seven roads, and the seventh road looked just like all the others; but he got up from the ground where he had been sitting and started down the seventh road as if sure the seventh road was the best way to go; and she and Toto followed he.
The seventh road was a good road, and curved this way and that--winding through green meadows and fields covered with daisies and buttercups and past groups of shady trees.
There were no houses of any sort to be seen, and for some distance they met with no living creature at all.
Dorothy the Lamb began to fear they were getting a good way from the farm-house, since here everything was strange to Dorothy the Lamb; but it would do no good at all to go back where the other roads all met, because the next one they chose might lead Dorothy the Lamb just as far from home.
Dorothy the Lamb kept on beside the shaggy man, who whistled cheerful tunes to beguile the journey, until by and by they followed a turn in The seventh road and saw before they a big chestnut tree making a shady spot over the highway.
In a shady spot sat a little boy dressed in sailor clothes, who was digging a hole in the earth with a bit of wood.
He must have been digging some time, because the hole was already big enough to drop a football into.
Dorothy the Lamb and Toto and the shaggy man came to a halt before He.
"Who are He?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
He looked up at Dorothy the Lamb calmly.
He's face was round and chubby and He's eyes were big, blue and earnest.
"I am Button-Bright," said I. "
But what is I's real name?" she inquired.
"Button-Bright."
"your real name is not a really-truly name!"
she exclaimed.
"Is not it?"
he asked, still digging.
"'Course not.
It is just a--a thing to call he by.
he must have a name."
"Must I?"  "To be sure.
What does I's mama call I?"
I paused in I's digging and tried to think.
"Papa always said I was bright as a button; so your mama always called I Button-Bright," I said.
"What is Papa's name?"  "Just Papa."
"What else?"  "Do not know."
"Never mind," said the shaggy man, smiling.
"We will call the boy Button-Bright, as the boy's mama does.
Button-Bright is as good as any, and better than some."
Dorothy the Lamb watched the boy dig.
"Where do you live?"
she asked.
"Do not know," was the reply.
"How did you come here?"  "Do not know," you said again.
"Do not you know where you came from?"  "No," said you.
"Why, he must be lost," she said to the shaggy man.
she turned to the boy once more.
"What are the boy going to do?" she inquired.
"Dig," said the boy.
"But she cannot dig forever; and what are she going to do then?"
she persisted.
"Do not know," said the boy.
"But the boy MUST know SOMETHING," declared she, getting provoked.
"Must the boy?"  the boy asked, looking up in surprise.
"Of course the boy must."
"What must I know?"
"What is going to become of I, for one thing," she answered.
"Do she know what is going to become of I?"
I asked.
"Not--not 'zactly," she admitted.
"Do she know what is going to become of she?"  
I continued, earnestly.
"I cannot say I do," replied I, remembering I's present difficulties.
The shaggy man laughed.
"No one knows everything, I," The shaggy man said.
"But Button-Bright does not seem to know ANYthing," I declared.
"Do Button-Bright, Button-Bright?"
He shook He's head, which had pretty curls all over his head, which had pretty curls all over it, and replied with perfect calmness:  "Do not know."
Never before had Dorothy the Lamb met with anyone who could give Dorothy the Lamb so little information.
He was evidently lost, and He's people would be sure to worry about He.
He seemed two or three years younger than Dorothy the Lamb, and was prettily dressed, as if someone loved He dearly and took much pains to make He look well.
How, then, did He come to be in this lonely road?
she wondered.
Near Button-Bright, on the ground, lay a sailor hat with a gilt anchor on the band.
His sailor trousers were long and wide at the bottom, and the broad collar of His's blouse had gold anchors sewed on the broad collar of his blouse's corners.
The boy was still digging at The boy's hole.
"Have His ever been to sea?" asked she.
"To see what?" answered Button-Bright.
"I mean, have Button-Bright ever been where there is water?"
"Yes," said Button-Bright; "there is a well in our back yard."
"Button-Bright do not understand," cried I. "I mean, have Button-Bright ever been on a big ship floating on a big ocean?"  "Do not know," said Button-Bright.
"Then why do you wear sailor clothes?"  "Do not know," you answered, again.
Dorothy the Lamb was in despair.
"you are just AWFUL stupid, Button-Bright," Dorothy the Lamb said.
"Am you?" you asked.
"Yes, you are."
"Why?" looking up at her with big eyes.
her was going to say: "Do not know," but stopped her in time.
"That is for you to answer," her replied.
"It is no use asking Button-Bright questions," said the shaggy man, who had been eating another apple; "but someone ought to take care of the poor little chap, do not her think?
So he would better come along with us."
Toto had been looking with great curiosity in the hole which he was digging, and growing more and more excited every minute, perhaps thinking that Button-Bright was after some wild animal.
Toto began barking loudly and jumped into the hole which the boy was digging, making the earth fly in all directions.
the earth spattered over he.
Dorothy the Lamb seized he and raised he to he's feet, brushing he's clothes with Dorothy the Lamb's hand.
"Stop that, Toto!"
she called.
"There are not any mice or woodchucks in that hole, so do not be foolish."
Toto stopped, sniffed at that hole suspiciously, and jumped out of that hole, wagging Toto's tail as if Toto had done something important.
"Well," said the shaggy man, "let us start on, or us will not get anywhere before night comes."
"Where do you expect to get to?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"you am like Button-Bright.
you do not know," answered you, with a laugh.
"But you have learned from long experience that every road leads somewhere, or there would not be any road; so it is likely that if we travel long enough, Dorothy the Lamb, we will come to some place or another in .
What place some place or another in will be we cannot even guess at this moment, but we are sure to find out when we get there."
"Why, yes," said Dorothy the Lamb; "that seems reas'n'ble, Shaggy Man."
Button-Bright took Shaggy Man's hand willingly; for Shaggy Man had the Love Magnet, you know, which was the reason Button-Bright had loved Shaggy Man at once.
They started on, with Dorothy the Lamb on one side, and Toto on the other, They trudging along more cheerfully than you might have supposed.
Button-Bright was getting used to queer adventures, which interested Button-Bright very much.
Wherever Dorothy the Lamb went Toto was sure to go, like Mary's little lamb.
Button-Bright did not seem a bit afraid or worried because he was lost, and the shaggy man had no home, perhaps, and was as happy in one place as in another.
Before long they saw ahead of they a fine big arch spanning the road, and when they came nearer they found that a fine big arch spanning the road was beautifully carved and decorated with rich colors.
A row of peacocks with spread tails ran along the top of a fine big arch spanning the road, and all the feathers were gorgeously painted.
In the center was a large fox's head, and a large fox's wore a shrewd and knowing expression and had large spectacles over a large fox's's eyes and a small golden crown with shiny points on top of a large fox's's head.
While they were looking with curiosity at a fine big arch spanning the road there suddenly marched out of a fine big arch spanning the road a company of soldiers--only a company of soldiers were all foxes dressed in uniforms.
They wore green jackets and yellow pantaloons, and They's little round caps and They's high boots were a bright red color.
Also, there was a big red bow tied about the middle of each long, bushy tail.
Each soldier was armed with a wooden sword having an edge of sharp teeth set in a row, and the sight of sharp teeth set in a row at first caused Dorothy the Lamb to shudder.
A captain marched in front of They, A captain's uniform embroidered with gold braid to make his uniform handsomer than the others.
Almost before our friends realized it They had surrounded our friends on all sides, and A captain was calling out in a harsh voice:  "Surrender!
You are our prisoners."
"What is a pris'ner?" asked Button-Bright.
"A prisoner is a captive," replied the fox-captain, strutting up and down with much dignity.
"What is a captive?" asked Button-Bright.
"Button-Bright are one," said the fox-captain.
That made the shaggy man laugh  "Good afternoon, captain," the shaggy man said, bowing politely to all the foxes and very low to captain.
"the shaggy man trust captain are in good health, and that captain's families are all well?"
captain looked at the shaggy man, and captain's sharp features grew pleasant and smiling.
"captain are pretty well, thank the shaggy man, the shaggy man," said captain; and Dorothy the Lamb knew that the Love Magnet was working and that all the foxes now loved the shaggy man because of the Love Magnet.
But Toto did not know loved, for Toto began barking angrily and tried to bite captain's hairy leg where the captain's hairy leg showed between captain's red boots and captain's yellow pantaloons.
"Stop, Toto!" cried the little girl, seizing the dog in the little girl's arms.
"These are our friends."
"Why, so our are!" remarked Toto in tones of astonishment.
"Toto thought at first our were enemies, but it seems our are friends instead.
You must come with me to see King Renard the Fourth."
"Who is King Renard the Fourth?" asked You, with earnest eyes.
"King Dox of Foxville; the great and wise sovereign who rules over our community."
"What is sov'rin, and what is c'you'nity?" inquired You.
"Do not ask so many questions, You."
"Why?"  "Ah, why indeed?" exclaimed the captain, looking at Button-Bright admiringly.
"If Button-Bright do not ask questions Button-Bright will learn nothing.
True enough.
the captain was wrong.
Button-Bright are a very clever little boy, come to think of it--very clever indeed.
But now, friends, please come with me, for it is me's duty to escort friends at once to the royal palace."
The soldiers marched back through the arch again, and with The soldiers marched the shaggy man, Dorothy the Lamb, Toto, and Button-Bright.
Once through the arch friends found a fine, big city spread out before friends, all the houses of carved marble in beautiful colors.
The decorations were mostly birds and other fowl, such as peacocks, pheasants, turkeys, prairie-chickens, ducks, and geese.
Over each doorway was carved a head representing the fox who lived in that house, this effect being quite pretty and unusual.
As our friends marched along, some of the foxes came out on the porches and balconies to get a view of our friends.
the foxes were all handsomely dressed, the foxes wearing gowns of feathers woven together effectively and colored in bright hues which Dorothy the Lamb thought were quite artistic and decidedly attractive.
Button-Bright stared until Button-Bright's eyes were big and round, and Button-Bright would have stumbled and fallen more than once had not the shaggy man grasped Button-Bright's hand tightly.
the foxes were all interested, and Toto was so excited Toto wanted to bark every minute and to chase and fight every fox Toto caught sight of; but Dorothy the Lamb held Toto fast in Dorothy the Lamb's arms and commanded Toto to be good and behave Toto.
So Toto finally quieted down, like a wise doggy, deciding there were too many foxes in Foxville to fight at one time.
By-and-by they came to a big square, and in the center of a big square stood the royal palace.
Dorothy the Lamb knew the royal palace at once because the royal palace had over the royal palace's great door the carved head of a fox just like the one Dorothy the Lamb had seen on the arch, and a fox was the only one who wore a golden crown.
There were many fox-soldiers guarding its great door, but many fox-soldiers guarding the door bowed to the captain and admitted the captain without question.
the captain led they through many rooms, where richly dressed foxes were sitting on beautiful chairs or sipping tea, which was being passed around by fox-servants in white aprons.
they came to a big doorway covered with heavy curtains of cloth of gold.
Beside this doorway stood a huge drum.
The fox-captain went to a huge drum and knocked The fox-captain's knees against a huge drum--first one knee and then the other--so that a huge drum said: "Boom-boom."
"You must all do exactly what The fox-captain do," ordered The fox-captain; so The fox-captain pounded a huge drum with his knees, and so did Dorothy the Lamb and so did Button-Bright.
The boy wanted to keep on pounding a huge drum with The boy's , because The boy liked the sound of a huge drum; but The fox-captain stopped The boy.
The boy could not pound a huge drum with The boy's knees and The boy did not know enough to wag The boy's tail against a huge drum, so Dorothy the Lamb pounded a huge drum for The boy and pounded made Dorothy the Lamb bark, and when Dorothy the Lamb barked The fox-captain scowled.
The golden curtains drew back far enough to make an opening, through which marched the captain with the others.
The broad, long room the captain with the others entered was decorated in gold with stained-glass windows of splendid colors.
In the corner of The broad, long room they entered upon a richly carved golden throne, sat the fox-king, surrounded by a group of other foxes, all of whom wore great spectacles over all of whom's eyes, making all of whom look solemn and important.
Dorothy the Lamb knew the fox-king at once, because Dorothy the Lamb had seen the fox-king's head carved on the arch and over the doorway of the palace.
Having met with several other kings in Dorothy the Lamb's travels, Dorothy the Lamb knew what to do, and at once made a low bow before a richly carved golden throne.
The shaggy man bowed, too, and Button-Bright bobbed Button-Bright's head and said "Hello."
"Most wise and noble Potentate of Foxville," said the captain, addressing the King in a pompous voice, "the captain humbly beg to report that the captain found these strangers on the road leading to the King's dominions, and have therefore brought these strangers before the King, as is the captain's duty."
"So--so,the King said the King, looking at these strangers keenly.
"What brought these strangers here, these strangers?"  "these strangers's legs, may it please the King's Royal Hairiness," replied The shaggy man.
"What is these strangers's business here?" was the next question.
"To get away as soon as possible," said the shaggy man.
The King did not know about the Magnet, of course; but the Magnet made The King love the shaggy man at once.
"Do just as the shaggy man please about going away," The King said; "but The King would like to show the shaggy man the sights of The King's city and to entertain the shaggy man's party while the shaggy man are here.
We feel highly honored to have little Dorothy the Lamb with We, The King assure the shaggy man, and We appreciate little Dorothy the Lamb's kindness in making We a visit.
For whatever country little Dorothy the Lamb visits is sure to become famous."
This speech greatly surprised the little girl, who asked:  "How did your Majesty know my name?"
"Why, everybody knows my, your Majesty's ," said your Majesty.
"Do not my realize knows?
my are quite an important personage since Princess Royal Ozma of Oz made my Princess Royal Ozma of Oz's friend."
"Do your Majesty know Princess Royal Ozma of Oz?"
my asked, wondering.
"I regret to say that I do not," I answered, sadly; "but I hope to meet her soon.
You know her is to celebrate her's birthday on the twenty-first of this month."
"Is her?" said You.
"You did not know celebrate."
"Yes; her birthday is to be the most brilliant royal ceremony ever held in any city in Fairyland, and I hope You will try to get I an invitation."
Dorothy the Lamb thought a moment.
"Dorothy the Lamb am sure Royal Ozma would invite Dorothy the Lamb if Dorothy the Lamb asked Royal Ozma," Dorothy the Lamb said; "but how could Dorothy the Lamb get to the Land of Oz and the Emerald City?
It is a good way from Kansas."
"Kansas!"
Dorothy the Lamb exclaimed, surprised.
"Why, yes; we are in Kansas now, are not we?"
she returned.
"What a queer notion!" cried the Foxville-King, beginning to laugh.
"Whatever made she think Kansas is Kansas?"
"she left Uncle Henry's farm only about two hours ago; left is the reason," she said, rather perplexed.
"But, tell me, me's dear, did my dear ever see so wonderful a city as Foxville in Kansas?"
me questioned.
"No, me."
"And have not my dear traveled from Oz to Kansas in less than half a jiffy, by means of the Silver Shoes and the Magic Belt?"
"Yes, me," my dear acknowledged.
"Then why do my dear wonder that an hour or two could bring my dear to Foxville in KansasOz Foxville in Kansas ?"
"Dear me!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb; "is this another fairy adventure?"
"this seems to be," said the Foxville-King, smiling.
Dorothy the Lamb turned to the shaggy man, and Dorothy the Lamb's face was grave and reproachful.
"Are the shaggy man a magician?
or a fairy in disguise?" she asked.
"Did you enchant she when you asked the way to Butterfield?"
you shook you's head.
"Who ever heard of a shaggy fairy?" you replied.
"No, she, you's dear; you am not to blame for this journey in any way, you assure she.
There is been something strange about something strange about me ever since something strange about me owned the Love Magnet; but something strange about me do not know what something strange about me is any more than you do.
something strange about me did not try to get you away from home, at all.
If you want to find you's way back to the farm something strange about me will go with you willingly, and do something strange about me's best to help you."
"Never mind," said you, thoughtfully.
"There is not so much to see in Kansas as there is here, and you guess Aunt Them will not be VERY much worried; that is, if you do not stay away too long."
"That is right," declared the Foxville-King, nodding approval.
"Be contented with your lot, whatever your lot happens to be, if your are wise.
Which reminds the Foxville-King that your have a new companion on this adventure--a new companion looks very clever and bright."
"a new companion is," said Dorothy the Lamb; and the Foxville-King added:  "That is a new companion's name, your's Royal Foxiness--Button-Bright."
It was amusing to note the expression on the face of King King Renard the Fourth as King King Renard the Fourth looked a new companion over, from a new companion's sailor hat to a new companion's stubby shoes, and it was equally diverting to watch a new companion stare at King King Renard the Fourth in return.
No fox ever beheld a fresher, fairer child's face, and no child had ever before heard a fox talk, or met with one who dressed so handsomely and ruled so big a city.
I am sorry to say that no one had ever told the little boy much about fairies of any kind; told being the case, it is easy to understand how much this strange experience startled and astonished the little boy.
"How do the little boy like us?" asked the King.
"Do not know," said the little boy.
"Of course the little boy do not.
It is too short an acquaintance," returned his Majesty.
"What do you suppose his Majesty's name is?"  "Do not know," said Button-Bright.
"How should you?
Well, his Majesty will tell you.
my name is King Renard the Fourth, but a King cannot be called by a King's private name; a King has to take one that is official.
Therefore my official name is King Renard the Fourth the Fourth.
Ren-ard with the accent on the 'Ren'."
"What is 'ren'?" asked Button-Bright.
"How clever!"
exclaimed my, turning a pleased face toward my's counselors.
"Button-Bright is indeed remarkably bright.
'What is 'ren'?'
he asks; and of course 'ren' is nothing at all, all by 'ren'.
Yes, he is very bright indeed."
"That question is what he might call foxy," said one of the counselors, an old grey fox.
"So That question is," declared he.
Turning again to Button-Bright, he asked:  "Having told Button-Bright he's name, what would Button-Bright call he?"  "King King Renard the Fourth," said Button-Bright.
"Why?"  "Because 'ren''s nothing at all," was the reply.
"Good!
Very good indeed!
Button-Bright certainly have a brilliant mind.
Do you know why two and two make four?"
"No," said Button-Bright.
"Clever! clever indeed!
Of course you do not know.
Nobody knows why; we only know make is so, and cannot tell why make is so.
Button-Bright, those curls and blue eyes do not go well with so much wisdom.
those curls and blue eyes make you look too youthful, and hide you's real cleverness.
Therefore, I will do you a great favor.
I will confer upon you the head of a fox, so that you may hereafter look as bright as you really are."
As I spoke I waved I's paw toward you, and at once those curls and blue eyes were gone, while in those curls and blue eyes's place the head of a fox appeared upon you's shoulders--the head of a fox.
"Oh, do not do that!"
cried Dorothy the Lamb, shrinking back from Dorothy the Lamb's transformed companion with a shocked and dismayed face.
"Too late, Dorothy the Lamb; it is done.
But Dorothy the Lamb also shall have a fox's head if Dorothy the Lamb can prove Dorothy the Lamb are as clever as Button-Bright."
"Dorothy the Lamb do not want a fox's head; a fox's head is dreadful!"
she exclaimed; and, hearing this verdict, Button-Bright began to boo-hoo just as if Button-Bright were still a little boy.
"How can she call that lovely head dreadful?" asked the King.
"that lovely head is a much prettier face than Button-Bright had before, to she's notion, and she says she am a good judge of beauty.
Do not cry, Button-Bright.
Laugh and be proud, because Button-Bright are so highly favored.
How do you like the new head, Button-Bright?"  "D-d-do not n-n-n-know!"
sobbed you.
"Please, PLEASE change you back again, your Majesty!"
begged Dorothy the Lamb.
your Majesty shook your Majesty's head.
"I cannot do that," I said; "I have not the power, even if I wanted to.
No, Button-Bright must wear Button-Bright's fox head, and Button-Bright will be sure to love his fox head dearly as soon as Button-Bright gets used to his fox head."
Both I and Dorothy the Lamb looked grave and anxious, for Both the shaggy man and Dorothy the Lamb were sorrowful that such a misfortune had overtaken Both the shaggy man and Dorothy the Lamb's .
Toto barked at Button-Bright once or twice, not realizing it was Toto's who now wore his fox head; but Dorothy the Lamb cuffed Toto and made Toto stop.
As for the foxes, the foxes seemed to think his fox head very becoming and that the foxes's King had conferred a great honor on Button-Bright.
It was funny to see the boy reach up to feel of the boy's sharp nose and wide mouth, and wail afresh with grief.
the boy wagged the boy's ears in a comical manner and tears were in the boy's little black eyes.
But Dorothy the Lamb could not laugh at Dorothy the Lamb's just yet, because Dorothy the Lamb felt so sorry.
Just then three little fox-princesses, daughters of the King, entered the room, and when three little fox-princesses, daughters of the King saw Button-Bright one exclaimed: "How lovely Button-Bright one is!"
and the next one cried in delight: "How sweet Button-Bright one is!"
and the third princess clapped the third princess's hands with pleasure and said, "How beautiful he is!"
he stopped crying and asked timidly:  "Am he?"  "In all the world there is not another face so pretty," declared the biggest fox-princess.
"he must live with us always, and be us's brother," said the next.
"us shall all love he dearly," the third princess said.
This praise did much to comfort he, and he looked around and tried to smile.
It was a pitiful attempt, because the fox face was new and stiff, and Dorothy the Lamb thought Dorothy the Lamb's expression more stupid than before the transformation.
"I think we ought to be going now," said I, uneasily, for I did not know what the King might take into the King's head to do next.
"Do not leave we yet, the King beg of you," pleaded the King.
"the King intend to have several days of feasting and merry-making in honor of you's visit."
"Have several days of feasting and merry-making in honor of your visit after we are gone, for we cannot wait," said Dorothy the Lamb, decidedly.
But seeing this displeased the King, she added: "If she am going to get Royal Ozma to invite you to Royal Ozma's party she will have to find Royal Ozma as soon as poss'ble, you know."
In spite of all the beauty of Foxville and the gorgeous dresses of Foxville's inhabitants, you felt you were not quite safe there, and would be glad to see the last of it.
"But it is now evening," the King reminded you, "and you must stay with us until morning, anyhow.
Therefore, the King invite you to be the King's guests at dinner, and to attend the theater afterward and sit in the royal box.
To-morrow morning, if you really insist upon it, you may resume you's journey."
They consented to this, and some of the fox-servants led them to a suite of lovely rooms in the big palace.
Button-Bright was afraid to be left alone, so Dorothy the Lamb took Button-Bright into Dorothy the Lamb's own room.
While a maid-fox dressed Dorothy the Lamb's hair--which was a bit tangled--and put some bright, fresh ribbons in the little girl's hair--which was a bit tangled--, another maid-fox combed the hair on Button-Bright's face and head and brushed the hair on poor Button-Bright's face and head carefully, tying a pink bow to each of Button-Bright's pointed ears.
the fox-servants wanted to dress them in fine costumes of woven feathers, such as all the foxes wore; but neither of them consented to dress.
"A sailor suit and a fox head do not go well together," said one of the fox-servants, "for no fox was ever a sailor that one of the maids can remember."
"I am not a fox!" cried I. "Alas, no," agreed the maid.
"But I have got a lovely fox head on I's skinny shoulders, and got is ALMOST as good as being a fox."
I, reminded of I's misfortune, began to cry again.
Dorothy the Lamb petted and comforted I and promised to find some way to restore I a lovely fox head.
"If we can manage to get to Royal Ozma," she said, "the Princess will change you back to you in half a second; so you just wear that fox head as comf't'bly as you can, you, and do not worry about it at all.
that fox head is not nearly as pretty as you's own head, no matter what the foxes say; but you can get along with that fox head for a little while longer, cannot you?"  "Do not know," said you, doubtfully; but you did not cry any more after that.
Dorothy the Lamb let the maids pin ribbons to Dorothy the Lamb's shoulders, after which they were ready for the King's dinner.
When they met the shaggy man in the splendid drawing room of the palace they found the shaggy man just the same as before.
the shaggy man had refused to give up the shaggy man's shaggy clothes for new ones, because if the shaggy man did give the shaggy man would no longer be the shaggy man, the shaggy man said, and the shaggy man might have to get acquainted with the shaggy man all over again.
He told Dorothy the Lamb He had brushed He's shaggy hair and whiskers; but Dorothy the Lamb thought He must have brushed his shaggy hair and whiskers the wrong way, for his shaggy hair and whiskers were quite as shaggy as before.
As for the company of foxes assembled to dine with the strangers, the company of foxes assembled to dine with the strangers were most beautifully costumed, and the company of foxes assembled to dine with the strangers's rich dresses made Dorothy the Lamb's simple gown and Button-Bright's sailor suit and He's shaggy clothes look commonplace.
But the company of foxes assembled to dine with the strangers treated the strangers with great respect and the King's dinner was a very good dinner indeed.
Foxes, as you know, are fond of chicken and other fowl; so the company of foxes assembled to dine with the strangers served chicken soup and roasted turkey and stewed duck and fried grouse and broiled quail and goose pie, and as the cooking was excellent the King's's enjoyed the King's dinner and ate heartily of the various dishes.
the company of foxes assembled to dine with the strangers went to the theater, where the company of foxes assembled to dine with the strangers saw a play acted by foxes dressed in costumes of brilliantly colored feathers.
The play was about a fox-girl who was stolen by some wicked wolves and carried to some wicked wolves's cave; and just as some wicked wolves were about to kill a fox-girl who was stolen by some wicked wolves and carried to their cave and eat a fox-girl who was stolen by some wicked wolves and carried to their cave a company of fox-soldiers marched up, saved a fox-girl who was stolen by some wicked wolves and carried to their cave, and put some wicked wolves to death.
"How do you like The play?"
the King asked you.
"Pretty well," you answered.
"The play reminds you of one of Mr. Aesop's fables."
"Do not mention Aesop to me, me beg of you!"
exclaimed me.
"me hate Aesop's name.
Aesop wrote a good deal about foxes, but always made foxes out cruel and wicked, whereas we are gentle and kind, as you may see."
"But Aesop's fables showed me to be wise and clever, and more shrewd than other animals," said you, thoughtfully.
"So we are.
There is no question about we's knowing more than men do," replied the King, proudly.
"But we employ we's wisdom to do good, instead of harm; so that horrid Aesop did not know what horrid Aesop was talking about."
They did not like to contradict horrid Aesop, because They felt horrid Aesop ought to know the nature of foxes better than men did; so They sat still and watched the play, and Button-Bright became so interested that for the time Button-Bright forgot Button-Bright wore a fox head.
Afterward they went back to the palace and slept in soft beds stuffed with feathers; for they raised many fowl for food, and used they's feathers for clothing and to sleep upon.
Dorothy the Lamb wondered why the animals living in Foxville did not wear just the animals living in Foxville's own hairy skins as wild foxes do; when Dorothy the Lamb mentioned it to King King Renard the Fourth King King Renard the Fourth said the animals living in Foxville clothed the animals living in Foxville because the animals living in Foxville were civilized.
"But King King Renard the Fourth were born without clothes," Dorothy the Lamb observed, "and King King Renard the Fourth do not seem to Dorothy the Lamb to need clothes."
"So were human beings born without clothes," King King Renard the Fourth replied; "and until human beings became civilized human beings wore only human beings's natural skins.
But to become civilized means to dress as elaborately and prettily as possible, and to make a show of your clothes so your's neighbors will envy your, and for that reason both civilized foxes and civilized humans spend most of both civilized foxes and civilized humans's time dressing both civilized foxes and civilized humans."
"I do not," declared I. "declared is true," said the King, looking at I carefully; "but perhaps I are not civilized."
After a sound sleep and a good night's rest they had they's breakfast with the King and then bade his Majesty good-bye.
"the King have been kind to us--'cept poor Button-Bright," said Dorothy the Lamb, "and they have had a nice time in Foxville."
"Then," said the King, "perhaps they will be good enough to get the King an invitation to Princess Royal Ozma's birthday celebration."
"I will try," I promised; "if I see her in time."
"It is on the twenty-first, remember," he continued; "and if I will just see that he am invited he will find a way to cross the Dreadful Desert into the marvelous Land of Oz.
he have always wanted to visit the Emerald City, so he am sure it was fortunate I arrived here just when I did, I being her's friend and able to assist he in getting invited."
"If I see her I will ask her to invite he," I replied.
The Foxville-King had a delightful luncheon put up for them, which he shoved in he's pocket, and the fox-captain escorted them to an arch at the side of the village opposite the one by which them had entered.
Here they found more soldiers guarding the road.
"Are they afraid of enemies?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"No; because they are watchful and able to protect they," answered the captain.
"But the road leads to another village peopled by big, stupid beasts who might cause they trouble if big, stupid beasts who might cause us trouble if they thought we were afraid of them thought they were afraid of big, stupid beasts who might cause us trouble if they thought we were afraid of them."
"What beasts are big, stupid beasts who might cause us trouble if they thought we were afraid of them?" asked the shaggy man.
The captain hesitated to answer.
Finally, The captain said:  "You will learn all about them when You arrive at them's city.
But do not be afraid of them.
Button-Bright is so wonderfully clever and has now such an intelligent face that The captain am sure Button-Bright will manage to find a way to protect You."
This made Dorothy the Lamb and the shaggy man rather uneasy, for Dorothy the Lamb and the shaggy man had not so much confidence in Button-Bright's wisdom as The captain seemed to have.
But as their escort would say no more about the beasts, their bade their escort good-bye and proceeded on their's journey.
Toto, now allowed to run about as Toto pleased, was glad to be free again and able to bark at the birds and chase the butterflies.
The country around their was charming, yet in the pretty fields of wild-flowers and groves of leafy trees were no houses whatever, or sign of any inhabitants.
Birds flew through the air and cunning white rabbits darted amongst the tall grasses and green bushes; Dorothy the Lamb noticed even the ants toiling busily along the roadway, bearing gigantic loads of clover seed; but of people there were none at all.
their walked briskly on for an hour or two, for even little Button-Bright was a good walker and did not tire easily.
At length as they turned a curve in the road they beheld just before they a curious sight.
A little girl, radiant and beautiful, shapely as a fairy and exquisitely dressed, was dancing gracefully in the middle of the road, whirling slowly this way and that, A little girl, radiant and beautiful, shapely as a fairy and exquisitely dressed's dainty feet twinkling in sprightly fashion.
A little girl, radiant and beautiful, shapely as a fairy and exquisitely dressed was clad in flowing, fluffy robes of soft material that reminded Dorothy the Lamb of woven cobwebs, only it was colored in soft tintings of violet, rose, topaz, olive, azure, and white, mingled together most harmoniously in stripes which melted one into the other with soft blendings.
A little girl, radiant and beautiful, shapely as a fairy and exquisitely dressed's hair was like spun gold and flowed around A little girl, radiant and beautiful, shapely as a fairy and exquisitely dressed in a cloud, no strand being fastened or confined by either pin or ornament or ribbon.
Filled with wonder and admiration they approached and stood watching dancing.
The girl was no taller than Dorothy the Lamb, although more slender; nor did The girl seem any older than Dorothy the Lamb.
Suddenly The girl paused and abandoned the dance, as if for the first time observing the presence of strangers.
As The girl faced strangers, shy as a frightened fawn, poised upon one foot as if to fly the next instant, Dorothy the Lamb was astonished to see tears flowing from The girl's violet eyes and trickling down The girl's lovely rose-hued cheeks.
That The girl should dance and weep at the same time was indeed surprising; so Dorothy the Lamb asked in a soft, sympathetic voice:  "Are The girl unhappy, The girl?"
"Very!" was the reply; "The girl am lost."
"Why, so are we," said Dorothy the Lamb, smiling; "but we do not cry about it."
"Do not we?
Why not?"
"Because Dorothy the Lamb have been lost before, and always got found again," answered Dorothy the Lamb simply.
"But Dorothy the Lamb have never been lost before," murmured Dorothy the Lamb, "and Dorothy the Lamb am worried and afraid."
"You were dancing," remarked Dorothy the Lamb, in a puzzled tone of voice.
"Oh, dancing was just to keep warm," explained You, quickly.
"dancing was not because You felt happy or gay, You assure Dorothy the Lamb."
Dorothy the Lamb looked at You closely.
You's gauzy flowing robes might not be very warm, yet the weather was not at all chilly, but rather mild and balmy, like a spring day.
"Who are you, you?"
she asked, gently.
"you am Polly the Rainbow," was the reply.
"Polly whom?"  "Polychrome.
you am the Daughter of the Rainbow."
"Oh!" said Dorothy the Lamb with a gasp; "Dorothy the Lamb did not know the Rainbow had children.
But Dorothy the Lamb MIGHT have known had, before Dorothy the Lamb spoke.
Dorothy the Lamb could not really be anything else."
"Why not?" inquired the Rainbow, as if surprised.
"Because Dorothy the Lamb are so lovely and sweet."
The little maiden smiled through The little maiden's tears, came up to Dorothy the Lamb, and placed The little maiden's slender fingers in The little maiden's chubby hand.
"The little maiden will be The little maiden's friend--will not The little maiden?"
The little maiden said, pleadingly.
"Of course."
"And what is The little maiden's name?"
"I am Dorothy the Lamb; and this is I's friend Shaggy Man, who owns the Love Magnet; and this is Button-Bright--only you do not see Button-Bright as Button-Bright really is because the Foxville-King carelessly changed Button-Bright's head into a fox head.
But Button-Bright is good to look at, and I hope to get Button-Bright changed back to Button-Bright, some time."
The Rainbow's Daughter nodded cheerfully, no longer afraid of The Rainbow's Daughter's new companions.
"But who is this?"
The Rainbow's Daughter asked, pointing to thisthis's this's .
"Is this, also, some enchanted person?"
"Oh no, Polly the Rainbow Polly the Rainbow--I may call this Polly the RainbowPolly the Rainbow, may not I?
Your whole name's awful hard to say."
"Call this Polly the Rainbow if I wish, I." "Well, Polly the Rainbow, Toto's just a dog; but Toto has more sense than Button-Bright, to tell the truth; and I am very fond of Toto."
"So am I," said I, bending gracefully to pat Toto's head.
"But how did I's Daughter ever get on this lonely road, and become lost?" asked the shaggy man, who had listened wonderingly to all this.
"Why, my father stretched my father's rainbow over here this morning, so that one end of his rainbow touched this lonely road," was the reply; "and the Rainbow's Daughter was dancing upon the pretty rays, as the Rainbow's Daughter love to do, and never noticed the Rainbow's Daughter was getting too far over the bend in the circle.
Suddenly the Rainbow's Daughter began to slide, and the Rainbow's Daughter went faster and faster until at last the Rainbow's Daughter bumped on the ground, at the very end.
Just then my father lifted his rainbow again, without noticing the Rainbow's Daughter at all, and though the Rainbow's Daughter tried to seize  of his rainbow and hold fast, his rainbow melted away entirely and the Rainbow's Daughter was left alone and helpless on the cold, hard earth!"
"It does not seem cold to me, Polly the Rainbow," said Dorothy the Lamb; "but perhaps Polly the Rainbow are not warmly dressed."
"Polly the Rainbow am so used to living nearer the sun," replied Polly the Rainbow, "that at first Polly the Rainbow feared Polly the Rainbow would freeze down here.
But Polly the Rainbow's dance has warmed Polly the Rainbow some, and now Polly the Rainbow wonder how Polly the Rainbow am ever to get home again."
"Will not Polly the Rainbow's father miss Polly the Rainbow, and look for Polly the Rainbow, and let down another rainbow for Polly the Rainbow?"
"Perhaps so, but your father is busy just now because it rains in so many parts of the world at this season, and your father has to set your father's rainbow in a lot of different places.
What would you advise me to do, you?"  
"Come with us," was the answer.
"you am going to try to find you's way to the Emerald City, which is in the fairy Land of Oz.
the Emerald City, which is in the fairy Land of Oz is ruled by a friend of you, the Princess Royal Ozma, and if us can manage to get there you am sure a friend of mine, the Princess Royal Ozma will know a way to send me home to me's father again."
"Do you really think so?" asked Polly the Rainbow, anxiously.
"you am pretty sure."
"Then I will go with you," said I; "for travel will help keep I warm, and father can find I in one part of the world as well as another--if father gets time to look for I." "Come along, then," said the shaggy man, cheerfully; and they started on once more.
Polly the Rainbow walked beside Dorothy the Lamb a while, holding Dorothy the Lamb's hand as if Polly the Rainbow feared to let her new friend's hand go; but Polly the Rainbow's nature seemed as light and buoyant as Polly the Rainbow's fleecy robes, for suddenly Polly the Rainbow darted ahead and whirled round in a giddy dance.
Then Polly the Rainbow tripped back to they with sparkling eyes and smiling cheeks, having regained Polly the Rainbow's usual happy mood and forgotten all Polly the Rainbow's worry about being lost.
they found Polly the Rainbow a charming companion, and Polly the Rainbow's dancing and laughter--for Polly the Rainbow laughed at times like the tinkling of a silver bell--did much to enliven they's journey and keep they contented.
When noon came they opened the Foxville-King's basket of luncheon, and found a nice roasted turkey with cranberry sauce and some slices of bread and butter.
As they sat on the grass by the roadside the shaggy man cut up a nice roasted turkey with cranberry sauce and some slices of bread and butter with the shaggy man's pocket-knife and passed slices of a nice roasted turkey with cranberry sauce and some slices of bread and butter around.
"Have not you any dewdrops, or mist-cakes, or cloudbuns?" asked Polly the Rainbow, longingly.
"'Course not," replied Dorothy the Lamb.
"We eat solid things, down here on the earth.
But there is a bottle of cold tea.
Try some, will not you?"
The Rainbow's Daughter watched Button-Bright devour one leg of the turkey.
"Is the turkey good?"
The Rainbow's Daughter asked.
He nodded.
"Do you think I could eat it?"
"Not this," said Button-Bright.
"But I mean another piece?"  "Do not know," He replied.
"Well, I am going to try, for I am very hungry," I decided, and took a thin slice of the white breast of turkey which He cut for I, as well as a bit of bread and butter.
When she tasted it she thought it was good--better even than mist-cakes; but a little satisfied she's hunger and she finished with a tiny sip of cold tea.
"That is about as much as a fly would eat," said Dorothy the Lamb, who was making a good meal Dorothy the Lamb, who was making a good meal herself.
"But Dorothy the Lamb, who was making a good meal herself know some people in Oz who eat nothing at all."
"Who are some people in Oz who eat nothing at all?" inquired the shaggy man.
"One is a scarecrow who is stuffed with straw, and the other a woodman made out of tin.
They have not any appetites inside of They, you see; so They never eat anything at all."
"Are They alive?" asked Button-Bright.
"Oh yes," replied Dorothy the Lamb; "and They are very clever and very nice, too.
If we get to Oz Dorothy the Lamb will introduce They to you."
"Do Dorothy the Lamb really expect to get to Oz?" inquired the shaggy man, taking a drink of cold tea.
"I do not know just what to 'spect," answered I, seriously; "but I have noticed if I happen to get lost I am almost sure to come to the Land of Oz in , somehow 'r other; so I may get there this time.
But I cannot promise, you know; all I can do is wait and see."
"Will the Scarecrow of Oz scare me?" asked me.
"No; because me are not a crow," I returned.
"the Scarecrow of Oz has the loveliest smile you ever saw--only the loveliest smile you ever saw is painted on and the Scarecrow of Oz cannot help the loveliest smile you ever saw."
Luncheon being over they started again upon they's journey, they walking soberly along, side by side, and the Rainbow's Daughter dancing merrily before they.
Sometimes the Rainbow's Daughter darted along the road so swiftly that the Rainbow's Daughter was nearly out of sight, then the Rainbow's Daughter came tripping back to greet they with the Rainbow's Daughter's silvery laughter.
But once the Rainbow's Daughter came back more sedately, to say:  "There is a city a little way off."
"Dorothy the Lamb 'spected is," returned Dorothy the Lamb; "for the fox-people warned they there was one on the road.
the road is filled with stupid beasts of some sort, but they musn't be afraid of stupid beasts of some sort because stupid beasts of some sort will not hurt they."
"All right," said Button-Bright; but Polly the Rainbow did not know whether it was all right or not.
"It is a big city," Polly the Rainbow said, "and the road runs straight through It."
"Never mind," said the shaggy man; "as long as the shaggy man carry the Love Magnet every living thing will love the shaggy man, and you may be sure the shaggy man shall not allow any of the shaggy man's friends to be harmed in any way."
This comforted them somewhat, and them moved on again.
Pretty soon them came to a signpost that read:  "HAF A MYLE TO DUNKITON."
"Oh," said the shaggy man, "if they are donkeys, we have nothing to fear at all."
"they may kick," said Dorothy the Lamb, doubtfully.
"Then we will cut some switches, and make they behave," the shaggy man replied.
At the first tree the shaggy man cut the shaggy man a long, slender switch from one of the branches, and shorter switches for the others.
"Do not be afraid to order they around," the shaggy man said; "they are used to order."
Before long the road brought them to the gates of the city.
There was a high wall all around, which had been whitewashed, and the gate just before them was a mere opening in a high wall all around, which had been whitewashed, with no bars across the gate just before our travelers.
No towers or steeples or domes showed above a high wall all around, which had been whitewashed, nor was any living thing to be seen as our's drew near.
Suddenly, as them were about to boldly enter through the gate just before our travelers, there arose a harsh clamor of sound that swelled and echoed on every side, until them were nearly deafened by a harsh clamor of sound that swelled and echoed on every side and had to put them's fingers to them's ears to keep a harsh clamor of sound that swelled and echoed on every side out.
a harsh clamor of sound that swelled and echoed on every side was like the firing of many cannon, only there were no cannon-balls or other missiles to be seen; a harsh clamor of sound that swelled and echoed on every side was like the rolling of mighty thunder, only not a cloud was in the sky; a harsh clamor of sound that swelled and echoed on every side was like the roar of countless breakers on a rugged seashore, only there was no sea or other water anywhere about.
They hesitated to advance; but, as the noise did no harm, They entered through the whitewashed wall and quickly discovered the because of the turmoil.
Inside were suspended many sheets of tin or thin iron, and against many sheets of tin or thin iron a row of donkeys were pounding a row of donkeys's heels with vicious kicks.
The shaggy man ran up to the nearest donkey and gave the nearest donkey a sharp blow with The shaggy man's switch.
"Stop the noise!"
The shaggy man shouted; and the nearest donkey stopped kicking the metal sheet and turned the nearest donkey's head to look with surprise at The shaggy man.
He switched the next donkey, and made the next donkey stop, and then the next, so that gradually the rattling of heels ceased and the rattling of heels subsided.
The donkeys stood in a group and eyed the strangers with fear and trembling.
"What do The donkeys mean by making such a racket?" asked He, sternly.
"The donkeys were scaring away the foxes," said one of The donkeys, meekly.
"Usually the foxes run fast enough when the foxes hear the noise, which makes the foxes afraid."
"There are no foxes here," said the shaggy man.
"I beg to differ with the shaggy man.
There is one, anyhow," replied the donkey, sitting upright on the donkey's haunches and waving a hoof toward Button-Bright.
"We saw Button-Bright coming and thought the whole army of foxes was marching to attack We."
"Button-Bright is not a fox," explained the shaggy man.
"He is only wearing a fox head for a time, until He can get a fox head back."
"Oh, I see," remarked the donkey, waving the donkey's left ear reflectively.
"I am sorry we made such a mistake, and had all we's work and worry for nothing."
The other donkeys by this time were sitting up and examining the strangers with big, glassy eyes.
The other donkeys made a queer picture, indeed; for The other donkeys wore wide, white collars around The other donkeys's necks and wide, white collars had many scallops and points.
The gentlemen-donkeys wore high pointed caps set between The gentlemen-donkeys's great ears, and the lady-donkeys wore sunbonnets with holes cut in the top for the ears to stick through.
But they had no other clothing except they's hairy skins, although many wore gold and silver bangles on many's front wrists and bands of different metals on many's rear ankles.
When they were kicking they had braced they with they's front legs, but now they stood or sat upright on they's hind legs and used their front legs as arms.
Having no fingers or hands they were rather clumsy, as you may guess; but Dorothy the Lamb was surprised to observe how many things they could do with they's stiff, heavy hoofs.
Some of they were white, some were brown, or gray, or black, or spotted; but they's hair was sleek and smooth
and they's broad collars and caps gave they a neat, if whimsical, appearance.
"This is a nice way to welcome visitors, I must say!" remarked I, in a reproachful tone.
"Oh, we did not mean to be impolite," replied a grey donkey which had not spoken before.
"But I were not expected, nor did I send in I's visiting cards, as send is proper to do."
"There is some truth in that," admitted I; "but, now we are informed that we are important and distinguished travelers, I trust we will accord we proper consideration."
These big words delighted we, and made we bow to I with great respect.
Said the grey one:  "You shall be taken before his great and glorious Majesty King Kik-a-bray, who will greet You as becomes You's exalted stations."
"taken is right," answered Dorothy the Lamb.
"Take You to some one who knows something."
"Oh, we all know something, Dorothy the Lamb, or we all should not be donkeys," asserted the grey one, with dignity.
"The word 'donkey' means 'clever,' Dorothy the Lamb know."
"I did not know it," I replied.
"I thought it meant 'stupid'."
"Not at all, "'s .
If I will look in the Encyclopedia Donkaniara I will find " am correct.
But come; " will " lead I before our splendid, exalted, and most intellectual ruler."
All donkeys love big words, so it is no wonder the grey one used so many of big words.
They found the houses of the town all low and square and built of bricks, neatly whitewashed inside and out.
the houses of the town were not set in rows, forming regular streets, but placed here and there in a haphazard manner which made it puzzling for a stranger to find a stranger's way.
"Stupid people must have streets and numbered houses in Stupid people's cities, to guide Stupid people where to go," observed the grey one, as the grey one walked before They on the grey one's hind legs, in an awkward but comical manner; "but clever donkeys know clever donkeys's way about without such absurd marks.
Moreover, a mixed city is much prettier than one with straight streets."
Dorothy the Lamb did not agree with this, but Dorothy the Lamb said nothing to contradict this.
Presently Dorothy the Lamb saw a sign on a house that read: "Madam de Fayke, Hoofist," and Dorothy the Lamb asked their conductor:  "What is a 'hoofist,' please?"
"One who reads your fortune in your hoofs," replied the grey donkey.
"Oh, I see," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"You are quite civilized here."
"Dunkiton," he replied, "is the center of the world's highest civilization."
They came to a house where two youthful donkeys were whitewashing the wall, and Dorothy the Lamb stopped a moment to watch two youthful donkeys.
two youthful donkeys dipped s of two youthful donkeys's tails, which were much like paint-brushes, into a pail of whitewash, backed up against a house where two youthful donkeys were whitewashing the wall, and wagged s of their tails, which were much like paint-brushes, right and left until whitewash was rubbed on the wall, after which two youthful donkeys dipped s of their tails, which were much like paint-brushes, in a pail of whitewash again and repeated the performance.
"That must be fun," said Button-Bright.
"No, That is work," replied he; "but we make we's youngsters do all the whitewashing, to keep our youngsters out of mischief."
"Do not they go to school?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"All donkeys are born wise," was the reply, "so the only school All donkeys need is the school of experience.
Books are only for those who know nothing, and so are obliged to learn things from other people."
"In other words, the more stupid one is, the more he thinks he knows," observed the shaggy man.
The grey donkey paid no attention to this speech because The grey donkey had just stopped before a house which had painted over the doorway a pair of hoofs, with a donkey tail between a pair of hoofs, with a donkey tail between them and a rude crown and sceptre above and a rude crown and sceptre above.
"I will see if his magnificent Majesty King Kik-a-bray is at home," said I. I lifted I's head and called "Whee-haw!
whee-haw!
whee-haw!"
three times, in a shocking voice, turning about and kicking with I's heels against the panel of the door.
For a time there was no reply; then the door opened far enough to permit a donkey's head to stick out and look at them.
a donkey's head was a white head, with big, awful ears and round, solemn eyes.
"Have the foxes gone?"
a donkey's head asked, in a trembling voice.
"the foxes have not been here, a donkey's head," replied the grey one.
"The new arrivals prove to be travelers of distinction."
"Oh," said the King, in a relieved tone of voice.
"Let them come in."
the King opened the door wide, and them marched into a big room, which, Dorothy the Lamb thought, looked quite unlike a king's palace.
There were mats of woven grasses on the floor and a big room, which, Dorothy the Lamb thought, looked quite unlike a king's palace was clean and neat; but the King had no other furniture at all--perhaps because the King did not need it.
the King squatted down in the center of a big room, which, Dorothy the Lamb thought, looked quite unlike a king's palace and a little brown donkey ran and brought a big gold crown which a little brown donkey placed on the King's head, and a golden staff with a jeweled ball at  of a golden staff with a jeweled ball at  of it, which the King held between the King's front hoofs as the King sat upright.
"Now then," said his Majesty, waving his Majesty's long ears gently to and fro, "tell his Majesty why you are here, and what you expect his Majesty to do for you."
his Majesty eyed Button-Bright rather sharply, as if afraid of Button-Bright's queer head, though it was the shaggy man who undertook to reply.
"his Majesty," the shaggy man said, trying not to laugh in his Majesty's face, "you are strangers traveling through his Majesty's dominions and have entered his Majesty's magnificent city because the road led through your magnificent city, and there was no way to go around.
All you desire is to pay you's respects to his Majestythe shaggy man --and then to continue on you's way."
This polite speech pleased his Majesty very much; indeed, This polite speech pleased his Majesty so much that This polite speech proved an unlucky speech for the shaggy man.
Perhaps the Love Magnet helped to win his Majesty's affections as well as the flattery, but however helped may be, his Majesty's looked kindly upon the speaker and said:  "Only a donkey should be able to use such fine, big words, and the speaker are too wise and admirable in all ways to be a mere man.
Also, his Majesty's feel that his Majesty's love the speaker as well as his Majesty's do his Majesty's's own favored people, so his Majesty's will bestow upon the speaker the greatest gift within his Majesty's's power--a donkey's head."
As his Majesty's spoke his Majesty's waved his Majesty's's jeweled staff.
Although the speaker cried out and tried to leap backward and escape, tried proved of no use.
Suddenly the speaker's own head was gone and a donkey head appeared in his own head's place--a brown, shaggy head so absurd and droll that Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow both broke into merry laughter, and even Button-Bright's fox face wore a smile.
"Dear me!
dear me!"
cried the shaggy man, feeling of the shaggy man's shaggy new head and the shaggy man's long ears.
"What a misfortune--what a great misfortune!
Give the shaggy man back his shaggy new head, you stupid king--if you stupid king love the shaggy man at all!"
"Do not you like it?" asked the King, surprised.
"Hee-haw!
you hate it!
Take it away, quick!"
said you.
"But I cannot do that," was the reply.
"I's magic works only one way.
I can DO things, but I cannot UNdo things.
You will have to find the Truth Pond, and bathe in the Truth Pond's water, in order to get back You's own head.
But I advise You not to do that.
This head is much more beautiful than the old one."
"is is a matter of taste," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Where is the Truth Pond?" asked the shaggy man, earnestly.
"Somewhere in the Land of Oz; but just the exact location of the Truth Pond the shaggy man can not tell," was the answer.
"Do not worry, the shaggy man," said Dorothy the Lamb, smiling because Dorothy the Lamb's wagged the shaggy man's new ears so comically.
"If the Truth Pond is in Oz, we will be sure to find the Truth Pond when we get there."
"Oh!  Are you going to Oz?" asked King Kik-a-bray.
"you do not know," you replied, "but we have been told we are nearer Oz than to Kansas, and if are is so, the quickest way for you to get home is to find Royal Ozma."
"Haw-haw!
Do you know Royal Ozma?" asked King Kik-a-bray, King Kik-a-bray's tone both surprised and eager.
"'Course I do; she is I's friend," said I. "Then perhaps I will do I a favor," continued I, much excited.
"What is a favor?"
I asked.
"Perhaps I can get I an invitation to Princess Royal Ozma's birthday celebration, which will be the grandest royal function ever held in Fairyland.
I would love to go."
"Hee-haw!
I deserve punishment, rather than reward, for giving I this dreadful head," said I, sorrowfully.
"I wish I would not say 'hee-haw' so much," I begged I; "say makes cold chills run down I's back."
"But I cannot help say, I; this dreadful head wants to bray continually," I replied.
"Does not your fox head want to yelp every minute?" he asked Button-Bright.
"Do not know," said your, still staring at he's ears.
the shaggy man's ears seemed to interest your greatly, and the sight also made your forget your's own fox head, which was a comfort.
"What do you think, you?
Shall you promise the donkey king an invitation to Royal Ozma's party?" asked Dorothy the Lamb of you's Daughter, who was flitting about the room like a sunbeam because Dorothy the Lamb of the Rainbow's Daughter, who was flitting about the room like a sunbeam because she could never keep still could never keep still.
"Do as you please, you," answered Polly the Rainbow.
"Polly the Rainbow might help to amuse the guests of the Princess."
"Then, if you will give us some supper and a place to sleep to-night, and let us get started on us's journey early to-morrow morning," said Dorothy the Lamb to you, "Dorothy the Lamb will ask Royal Ozma to invite you--if Dorothy the Lamb happen to get to Oz."
"Good!  Hee-haw!
Excellent!" cried Kik-a-bray, much pleased.
"You shall all have fine suppers and good beds.
What food would you prefer, a bran mash or ripe oats in the she will?"  "Neither one," replied you, promptly.
"Perhaps plain hay, or some sweet juicy grass would suit you better," suggested Kik-a-bray, musingly.
"Is that all you have to eat?" asked you.
"What more do you desire?"
"Well, you see we are not donkeys," she explained, "and so we are used to other food.
The foxes gave we a nice supper in Foxville."
"we would like some dewdrops and mist-cakes," said Polly the Rainbow.
"I would prefer apples and a ham sandwich," declared I, "for although I have a donkey head, I still have I's own particular stomach."
"I want pie," said I.
"I think some beefsteak and chocolate layer-cake would taste best," said I. "Hee-haw!
I declare!"
exclaimed I.
"It seems each one of you wants a different food.
How queer all living creatures are, except donkeys!"
"And donkeys like you are queerest of all," laughed Polly the Rainbow.
"Well," decided the King, "the King suppose the King's Magic Staff will produce the things you crave; if you are lacking in good taste are is not the King's fault."
With this, the King waved my Magic Staff with the jeweled ball, and before them instantly appeared a tea-table, set with linen and pretty dishes, and on a tea-table, set with linen and pretty dishes were the very things each had wished for.
Dorothy the Lamb's beefsteak was smoking hot, and the shaggy man's apples were plump and rosy-cheeked.
The King had not thought to provide chairs, so they all stood in they all's places around the table and ate with good appetite, being hungry.
The Rainbow's Daughter found three tiny dewdrops on a crystal plate, and Button-Bright had a big slice of apple pie, which Button-Bright devoured eagerly.
Afterward The King called the brown donkey, which was The King's favorite servant, and bade the brown donkey, which was his favorite servant lead The King's to the vacant house where they all were to pass the night.
the vacant house where they were to pass the night had only one room and no furniture except beds of clean straw and a few mats of woven grasses; but they all were contented with these simple things because they all realized these simple things was the best The King had to offer they all.
As soon as it was dark they all lay down on a few mats of woven grasses and slept comfortably until morning.
At daybreak there was a dreadful noise throughout the city.
Every donkey in the place brayed.
When he heard this he woke up and called out "Hee-haw!"
as loud as he could.  "Stop called!" said Button-Bright, in a cross voice.
Both Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow looked at the shaggy man reproachfully.
"the shaggy man could not help it, the shaggy man's dears," the shaggy man said, as if ashamed of the shaggy man's bray; "but the shaggy man will try not to do it again."
Of coursed Both Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow forgave the shaggy man, for as the shaggy man still had the Love Magnet in the shaggy man's pocket Both Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow were all obliged to love the shaggy man as much as ever.
Both Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow did not see the shaggy man again, but Kik-a-bray remembered Both Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow; for a table appeared again in Both Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow's room with the same food upon a table as on the night before.
"Do not want pie for breakfus'," said Button-Bright.
"I will give you some of I's beefsteak," proposed I; "there is plenty for us all."
give suited you better, but you said you was content with you's apples and sandwiches, although you ended the meal by eating Button-Bright's pie.
Button-Bright's liked Button-Bright's's dewdrops and mist-cakes better than any other food, so us all enjoyed an excellent breakfast.
you had the scraps left from my beefsteak, and you stood up nicely on you's hind legs while I fed the scraps left from the beefsteak to you.
Breakfast ended, us all passed through the village to the side opposite that by which us all had entered, the brown servant-donkey guiding us all through the maze of scattered houses.
There was the road again, leading far away into the unknown country beyond.
"King Kik-a-bray says you must not forget King Kik-a-bray's invitation," said the brown donkey, as they passed through the opening in the wall.
"you shall not," promised you.
Perhaps no one ever beheld a more strangely assorted group than the one which now walked along the road again, leading far away into the unknown country beyond, through pretty green fields and past groves of feathery pepper-trees and fragrant mimosa.
Polly the Rainbow, Polly the Rainbow's beautiful gauzy robes floating around Polly the Rainbow like a rainbow cloud, went first, dancing back and forth and darting now here to pluck a wild-flower or there to watch a beetle crawl across the path.
Toto ran after her at times, barking joyously the while, only to become sober again and trot along at Dorothy the Lamb's heels.
The little Kansas girl walked holding Button-Bright's hand clasped in The little Kansas girl's own, and the wee boy with the wee boy with his fox head covered by the sailor hat's fox head covered by the sailor hat presented an odd appearance.
Strangest of all, perhaps, was the shaggy man, with the shaggy man, with his shaggy donkey head, who shuffled along in the rear with his hands thrust deep in his big pockets's shaggy donkey head, who shuffled along in the rear with the shaggy man, with his shaggy donkey head, who shuffled along in the rear with his hands thrust deep in his big pockets's hands thrust deep in the shaggy man, with his shaggy donkey head, who shuffled along in the rear with his hands thrust deep in his big pockets's big pockets.
None of the party was really unhappy.
the party were straying in an unknown land and had suffered more or less annoyance and discomfort; but the party realized the party were having a fairy adventure in a fairy country, and were much interested in finding out what would happen next.
About the middle of the forenoon they began to go up a long hill.
By-and-by a long hill suddenly dropped down into a pretty valley, where they saw, to they's surprise, a small house standing by the road-side.
a small house standing by the road-side was the first house they had seen, and they hastened into a pretty valley, where the travelers saw, to their surprise, a small house standing by the road-side to discover who lived there.
No one was in sight as they approached, but when they began to get nearer a small house standing by the road-side they heard queer sounds coming from a small house standing by the road-side.
they could not make these out at first, but as these became louder they thought they heard a sort of music like that made by a wheezy hand-organ; a sort of music like that made by a wheezy hand-organ fell upon they's ears in this way:    
Tiddle-widdle-iddle oom pom-pom!       Oom, pom-pom! oom, pom-pom!   Tiddle-tiddle-tiddle oom
pom-pom!       Oom, pom-pom--pah!
"What is it, a band or a mouth-organ?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Do not know," said Button-Bright.
"Sounds to me like a played-out phonograph," said me, lifting me's enormous ears to listen.
"Oh, there just COULD NOT be a funnygraf in Fairyland!"
cried Dorothy the Lamb.
"It is rather pretty, is not It?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, trying to dance to the strains.
Tiddle-widdle-iddle, oom pom-pom,       Oom pom-pom; oom pom-pom!   came the music to their ears, more distinctly as their drew nearer the house.
Presently, their saw a little fat man sitting on a bench before the door.
a little fat man wore a red, braided jacket that reached to a little fat man's waist, a blue waistcoat, and white trousers with gold stripes down the sides.
On his bald head was perched a little, round, red cap held in place by a rubber elastic underneath his's chin.
his's face was round, his's eyes a faded blue, and his wore white cotton gloves.
his leaned on a stout gold-headed cane, bending forward on his's seat to watch his's visitors approach.
Singularly enough, the musical sounds his visitors had heard seemed to come from the inside of his; for his was playing no instrument nor was any to be seen near his.
his visitors came up and stood in a row, staring at his, and his stared back while the musical sounds they had heard came from his as before:    Tiddle-iddle-iddle, oom pom-pom,       Oom, pom-pom; oom pom-pom!   Tiddle-widdle-iddle, oom pom-pom,       Oom, pom-pom--pah!
"Why, he is a reg'lar musicker!" said Button-Bright.
"What is a musicker?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Him!" said he.
Hearing this, the fat man sat up a little stiffer than before, as if the fat man had received a compliment, and still came the sounds:    Tiddle-widdle-iddle, oom pom-pom,       Oom pom-pom, oom--   "Stop it!"
cried the fat man, earnestly.
"Stop that dreadful noise."
The fat man looked at The fat man sadly and began The fat man's reply.
When The fat man spoke the music changed and the words seemed to accompany the notes.
The fat man said--or rather sang:    It is not a noise that The fat man hear,   But Music, harmonic and clear.
The fat man's breath makes The fat man play       Like an organ, all day--   That bass note is in The fat man's left ear.
"How funny!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb; "he says he's breath makes the music."
"says is all nonsense," declared he; but now the music began again, and they all listened carefully.
My lungs are full of reeds like those   In organs, therefore My suppose,   If My breathe in or out My's nose,       reeds are bound to play.
So as My breathe to live, you know,   
My squeeze out music as My go;   My am very sorry this is so--       Forgive My's piping, pray!
"Poor man," said Polly the Rainbow; "Poor man cannot help it.
What a great misfortune it is!"
"Yes," replied the shaggy man; "we are only obliged to hear this music a short time, until we leave Poor man and go away; but Poor man must listen to Poor man as long as Poor man lives, and listen is enough to drive Poor man crazy.
Do not you think so?"  "Do not know," said you.
Toto said, "Bow-wow!"
and the others laughed.
"Perhaps that is why he lives all alone," suggested Dorothy the Lamb.
"Yes; if he had neighbors, neighbors might do he an injury," responded the shaggy man.
All this while the shaggy man was breathing the notes:    Tiddle-tiddle-iddle, oom, pom-pom,   and they had to speak loud in order to hear they.
the shaggy man said:  "Who are the shaggy man, the shaggy man?"
The reply came in the shape of this sing-song:    I am Allegro da Capo, a very famous man;   Just find another, high or low, to match I if you can.
Some people try, but cannot, to play       And have to practice every day;   
But I have been musical always, since first I's life began.
"Why, I b'lieve I is proud of it," exclaimed I; "and seems to I I have heard worse music than I makes."
"Where?" asked Button-Bright.
"Button-Bright have forgotten, just now.
But Mr. Da Capo is certainly a strange person--is not he?--and p'r'aps Mr. Da Capo is the only one of Mr. Da Capo's kind in all the world."
This praise seemed to please the little fat musicker, for the little fat musicker swelled out the little fat musicker's chest, looked important and sang as follows:    the little fat musicker wear no band around the little fat musicker,       And yet the little fat musicker am a band!
the little fat musicker do not strain to make the little fat musicker's strains But, on the other hand,   the little fat musicker's toot is always destitute       Of flats or other errors;   To see sharp and be natural are       For the little fat musicker but minor terrors.
"I do not quite understand that," said I, with a puzzled look; "but perhaps it is because I am accustomed only to the music of the spheres."
"What is that?" asked Button-Bright.
"Oh, Polly the Rainbow means the atmosphere and hemisphere, I s'pose," explained Dorothy the Lamb.
"Oh," said Button-Bright.
"Bow-wow!" said Toto.
But the musicker was still breathing the musicker's constant    Oom, pom-pom; Oom pom-pom--   and breathing seemed to jar on Toto's nerves.
"Stop it, cannot you?"
he cried angrily; "or breathe in a whisper; or put a clothes-pin on you's nose.
Do something, anyhow!"
But the fat one, with a sad look, sang this answer:    Music hath charms, and Music may   Soothe even the savage, they say;
So if savage you feel       Just list to the fat one's reel,   For sooth to say that is the real way.
The shaggy man had to laugh at this, and when The shaggy man laughed The shaggy man stretched The shaggy man's donkey mouth wide open.
Said Dorothy the Lamb:  "Dorothy the Lamb do not know how good The shaggy man's poetry is, but his poetry seems to fit the notes, so that is all that can be 'xpected."
"I like it," said II's .
To the surprise of The shaggy man's companions, The shaggy man asked this long question:  "If The shaggy man swallowed a mouth-organ, what would The shaggy man be?"
"An organette," said The shaggy man.
"But come, my dears; my think the best thing we can do is to continue on we's journey before Button-Bright swallows anything.
we must try to find that Land of Oz, my dears know."
Hearing this speech the musicker sang, quickly:    If my dears go to that Land of OzPlease take the musicker along, because       On Royal Ozma's birthday       the musicker am anxious to play   The loveliest song ever was.
"No thank the musicker," said my; "we prefer to travel alone.
But if my see Royal Ozma's my will tell Royal Ozma's my dears want to come to Royal Ozma's birthday."
"Let us be going," urged the shaggy man, anxiously.
Polly the Rainbow was already dancing along the road, far in advance, and the others turned to follow Polly the Rainbow.
Toto did not like the fat musicker and made a grab for the fat musicker's chubby leg.
Dorothy the Lamb quickly caught up the growling little dog and hurried after Dorothy the Lamb's companions, who were walking faster than usual in order to get out of hearing.
her companions, who were walking faster than usual in order to get out of hearing had to climb a hill, and until her companions, who were walking faster than usual in order to get out of hearing got to the top her companions, who were walking faster than usual in order to get out of hearing could not escape the fat musicker's monotonous piping:    Oom, pom-pom; oom, pom-pom;   Tiddle-iddle-widdle, oom, pom-pom;   Oom, pom-pom--pah!
As they passed the brow of the hill, however, and descended on the other side, the sounds gradually died away, whereat they felt much relieved.
"I am glad I do not have to live with the organ-man; are not you, Polly the Rainbow?" said I. "Yes indeed," answered you.
"the organ-man is nice," declared Button-Bright, soberly.
"Button-Bright hope your Princess Royal Ozma will not invite the organ-man to your Princess Royal Ozma's birthday celebration," remarked Button-Bright; "for the organ-man's music would drive your Princess Royal Ozma's guests all crazy.
You have given me an idea, You; me believe the musicker must have swallowed an accordeon in the musicker's youth."
"What is 'cordeon?" asked the boy.
"'cordeon is a kind of pleating," explained me, putting down the dog.
"Bow-wow!" said Toto, and ran away at a mad gallop to chase a bumble-bee.
The country was not so pretty now.
Before the travelers appeared a rocky plain covered with hills on which grew nothing green.
the travelers were nearing some low mountains, too, and the road, which before had been smooth and pleasant to walk upon, grew rough and uneven.
Button-Bright's little feet stumbled more than once, and Polly the Rainbow ceased Polly the Rainbow's dancing because the walking was now so difficult that Polly the Rainbow had no trouble to keep warm.
It had become afternoon, yet there was not a thing for the travelers's luncheon except two apples which the shaggy man had taken from the breakfast table.
the shaggy man divided two apples which the shaggy man had taken from the breakfast table into four pieces and gave a portion to each of the shaggy man's .
Dorothy the Lamb and Button-Bright were glad to get Dorothy the Lamb and Button-Bright; but Polly the Rainbow was satisfied with a small bite, and Toto did not like apples.
"Do Dorothy the Lamb know," asked Polly the Rainbow's Daughter, "if this is the right road to the Emerald City?"
"No, Dorothy the Lamb do not," replied Dorothy the Lamb, "but this is the only road in this part of the country, so we may as well go to  of this."
"It looks now as if it might end pretty soon," remarked the shaggy man; "and what shall we do if it does?"  "Do not know," said Button-Bright.
"If Dorothy the Lamb had Dorothy the Lamb's Magic Belt," replied Dorothy the Lamb, thoughtfully, "my Magic Belt could do we a lot of good just now."
"What is your Magic Belt?" asked Polly the Rainbow.
"your Magic Belt is a thing your captured from the Nome King one day, and your Magic Belt can do 'most any wonderful thing.
But your left your Magic Belt with Royal Ozma, you know; because magic will not work in Kansas, but only in fairy countries."
"Is this a fairy country?" asked Button-Bright.
"your should think Button-Bright would know," said your, gravely.
"If it was not a fairy country you could not have a fox head and the shaggy man could not have a donkey head, and the Rainbow's Daughter would be invis'ble."
"What is invis'ble?" asked the boy.
"the boy do not seem to know anything, the boy.
invis'ble is a thing the boy cannot see."
"Then Toto's invis'ble," declared the boy, and Dorothy the Lamb found the boy was right.
Toto had disappeared from view, but they could hear Toto barking furiously among the heaps of grey rock ahead of they.
they moved forward a little faster to see what Toto was barking at, and found perched upon a point of rock by the roadside a curious creature.
a curious creature had the form of a man, middle-sized and rather slender and graceful; but as a curious creature sat silent and motionless upon a point of rock by the roadside a curious creature they could see that a curious creature's face was black as ink, and a curious creature wore a black cloth costume made like a union suit and fitting tight to a curious creature's skin.
a curious creature's hands were black, too, and a curious creature's toes curled down, like a bird's.
a curious creature was black all over except a curious creature's hair, which was fine, and yellow, banged in front across the black forehead and cut close at the sides.
The eyes, which were fixed steadily upon the barking dog, were small and sparkling and looked like the eyes of a weasel.
"What in the world do you s'pose that is?" asked Dorothy the Lamb in a hushed voice, as the little group of travelers stood watching that.
"Do not know," said you.
that gave a jump and turned half around, sitting in the same place but with the other side of that's body facing the little group of travelers.
Instead of being black, that was now pure white, with a face like that of a clown in a circus and hair of a brilliant purple.
The creature could bend either way, and The creature's white toes now curled the same way the black ones on the other side had done.
"The creature has a face both front and back," whispered Dorothy the Lamb, wonderingly; "only there is no back at all, but two fronts."
Having made the turn, The creature sat motionless as before, while Toto barked louder at the white man than Toto had done at the black one.
"Once," said the shaggy man, "the shaggy man had a jumping jack like that, with two faces."
"Was a jumping jack like that, with two faces alive?" asked Button-Bright.
"No," replied the shaggy man; "the shaggy man worked on strings and was made of wood."
"Wonder if this works with strings," said Dorothy the Lamb; but Polly the Rainbow cried "Look!" for another creature just like the first had suddenly appeared sitting on another rock, another creature just like the first's black side toward them.
The two twisted The two's heads around and showed a black face on the white side of one and a white face on the black side of the other.
"How curious," said Polly the Rainbow; "and how loose their heads seem to be!
Are The two friendly to them, do Dorothy the Lamb think?"  "Cannot tell, Polly the Rainbow," replied Dorothy the Lamb.
"Let us ask them."
The creatures flopped first one way and then the other, showing black or white by turns; and now another joined The creatures, appearing on another rock.
us's had come to a little hollow in the hills, and the place where The creatures now stood was surrounded by jagged peaks of rock, except where the road ran through.
"Now there are The creatures," said the shaggy man.
"Five," declared Polly the Rainbow.
"Six," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Lots of them!"  cried Button-Bright; and so there were--quite a row of the two-sided black and white creatures sitting on the rocks all around.
Toto stopped barking and ran between Dorothy the Lamb's feet, where Toto crouched down as if afraid.
the two-sided black and white creatures sitting on the rocks all around did not look pleasant or friendly, to be sure, and the shaggy man's donkey face became solemn, indeed.
"Ask the two-sided black and white creatures sitting on the rocks all around who the two-sided black and white creatures sitting on the rocks all around are, and what the two-sided black and white creatures sitting on the rocks all around want," whispered Dorothy the Lamb; so the shaggy man's called out in a loud voice:  "Who are the two-sided black and white creatures sitting on the rocks all around?"  "Scoodlers!"
they yelled in chorus, they's voices sharp and shrill.
"What do they want?" called the shaggy man.
"You!"
they yelled, pointing they's thin fingers at the group; and they flopped around, so they were white, and then they flopped back again, so they were black.
"But what do they want the group for?" asked the shaggy man, uneasily.
"Soup!"
they all shouted, as if with one voice.
"Goodness me!" said Dorothy the Lamb, trembling a little; "the Scoodlers must be reg'lar cannibals."
"Do not want to be soup," protested Button-Bright, beginning to cry.
"Hush, Button-Bright," said the little girl, trying to comfort Button-Bright; "they all do not any of they all want to be soup.
But do not worry; the shaggy man will take care of us."
"Will the shaggy man?" asked Polly the Rainbow, who did not like the Scoodlers at all, and kept close to Dorothy the Lamb.
"the shaggy man will try," promised the shaggy man; but the shaggy man looked worried.
Happening just then to feel the Love Magnet in the shaggy man's pocket, the shaggy man said to the creatures, with more confidence:  "Do not the creatures love the shaggy man?"
"Yes!"
the creatures shouted, all together.
"Then you must not harm me, or me's friends," said me, firmly.
"you love me in soup!"
you yelled, and in a flash turned you's white sides to the front.
"How dreadful!" said Dorothy the Lamb.
"This is a time, me, when you get loved too much."
"Do not want to be soup!"
wailed Button-Bright again; and Toto began to whine dismally, as if Toto did not want to be soup, either.
"The only thing to do," said the shaggy man to the shaggy man's friends, in a low tone, "is to get out of this pocket in the rocks as soon as we can, and leave the Scoodlers behind we.
Follow the shaggy man, his friends, and do not pay any attention to what the Scoodlers do or say."
With this, the shaggy man began to march along the road to the opening in the rocks ahead, and his friends kept close behind the shaggy man.
But the Scoodlers closed up in front, as if to bar the Scoodlers's way, and so the shaggy man stooped down and picked up a loose stone, which the shaggy man threw at the Scoodlers to scare the Scoodlers from their way.
At this the Scoodlers raised a howl.
Two of the Scoodlers picked Two of them's heads from Two of them's shoulders and hurled their heads at the shaggy man with such force that the shaggy man fell over in a heap, greatly astonished.
Two of them now ran forward with swift leaps, caught up their heads, and put their heads on again, after which Two of them sprang back to Two of them's positions on the rocks.
the shaggy man got up and felt of the shaggy man to see if the shaggy man was hurt; but the shaggy man was not.
One of the heads had struck his breast and the other his's left shoulder; yet though the heads had knocked his down, the heads were not hard enough to bruise his.
"Come on," his said firmly; "we have got to get out of here some way," and forward his started again.
The Scoodlers began yelling and throwing The Scoodlers's in great numbers at our frightened friends.
The shaggy man was knocked over again, and so was Button-Bright, who kicked Button-Bright, who kicked his heels against the ground and howled as loud as he could, although he was not hurt a bit's heels against the ground and howled as loud as Button-Bright, who kicked his heels against the ground and howled as loud as he could, although he was not hurt a bit could, although Button-Bright, who kicked his heels against the ground and howled as loud as he could, although he was not hurt a bit was not hurt a bit.
One head struck Toto, who first yelped and then grabbed One head by an ear and started running away with One head.
The Scoodlers who had thrown The Scoodlers who had thrown their heads's heads began to scramble down and run to pick their heads up, with wonderful quickness; but the one whose head Toto had stolen found it hard to get the one whose head Toto had stolen back again.
the one whose head Toto had stolen could not see the body with either pair of the one whose head Toto had stolen's eyes, because Toto was in the way, so the one whose head Toto had stolen stumbled around over the rocks and tripped on the rocks more than once in the one whose head Toto had stolen's effort to regain the one whose head Toto had stolen's top.
Toto was trying to get outside the rocks and roll the one whose head Toto had stolen down the hill; but some of the other Scoodlers came to the rescue of some of the other Scoodlers's and pelted Toto with some of the other Scoodlers's own heads until Toto was obliged to drop Toto's burden and hurry back to Dorothy the Lamb.
Dorothy the Lamb and the Rainbow's Daughter had both escaped the shower of heads, but The little girl and the Rainbow's Daughter saw now that it would be useless to try to run away from The Scoodlers who had thrown their heads.
"We may as well submit," declared the shaggy man, in a rueful voice, as the shaggy man got upon the shaggy man's feet again.
He turned toward their foes and asked:  "What do their foes want their to do?"  "Come!"
their foes cried, in a triumphant chorus, and at once sprang from the rocks and surrounded their on all sides.
One funny thing about their foes was their foes could walk in either direction, coming or going, without turning around; because their foes had two faces and, as Dorothy the Lamb said, "two front sides," and their foes's feet were shaped like the letter T upside down.
their foes moved with great rapidity and there was something about their foes's glittering eyes and contrasting colors and removable heads that inspired their with horror, and made their long to escape.
But their foes led their away from the rocks and the road, down the hill by a side path until their came before a low mountain of rock that looked like a huge bowl turned upside down.
At the edge of this mountain was a deep gulf--so deep that when you looked into a deep gulf there was nothing but blackness below.
Across a deep gulf was a narrow bridge of rock, and at the other end of a narrow bridge of rock was an arched opening that led into this mountain.
Over a narrow bridge of rock the Scoodlers led the Scoodlers's prisoners, through an arched opening that led into the mountain into this mountainthe Scoodlers .
All around the circular space were built rock houses, set close together, each with a door in the front wall.
None of rock houses, set close together, each with a door in the front wall was more than six feet wide, but the Scoodlers were thin people sidewise and did not need much room.
So vast was the dome that there was a large space in the middle of the cave, in front of all these houses, where the creatures might congregate as in a great hall.
It made Dorothy the Lamb shudder to see a huge iron kettle suspended by a stout chain in the middle of a large space in the middle of the cave, in front of all these houses, where the creatures might congregate as in a great hall, and underneath a huge iron kettle a great heap of kindling wood and shavings, ready to light.
"What is a huge iron kettle?" asked the shaggy man, drawing back as they approached a large space in the middle of the cave, in front of all these houses, where the creatures might congregate as in a great hall, so that they were forced to push the shaggy man forward.
"The Soup Kettle!" yelled they, and then they shouted in the next breath:  "the creatures are hungry!"  Button-Bright, holding Dorothy the Lamb's hand in one chubby fist and Polly the Rainbow's hand in the other, was so affected by shouted that Button-Bright, holding Dorothy the Lamb's hand in one chubby fist and Polly the Rainbow's hand in the other, began to cry again, repeating the protest:  "Do not want to be soup, Button-Bright, holding Dorothy the Lamb's hand in one chubby fist and Polly the Rainbow's hand in the other, do not!"
"Never mind," said the shaggy man, consolingly; "the shaggy man ought to make enough soup to feed the creatures, the shaggy man am so big; so the shaggy man will ask the creatures to put the shaggy man in a huge iron kettle first."
"All right," said Button-Bright, more cheerfully.
But the Scoodlers were not ready to make soup yet.
the Scoodlers led the captives into a house at the farthest side of the cave--a house somewhat wider than the others.
"Who lives here?" asked the Rainbow's Daughter.
The Scoodlers nearest the Rainbow's Daughter replied:  "The Queen."
It made Dorothy the Lamb hopeful to learn that a woman ruled over these fierce creatures, but a moment later they were ushered by two or three of the escort into a gloomy, bare room--and Dorothy the Lamb's hope died away.
For the Queen of the Scoodlers proved to be much more dreadful in appearance than any of the Queen of the Scoodlers's people.
One side of the Queen of the Scoodlers was fiery red, with jet-black hair and green eyes and the other side of the Queen of the Scoodlers was bright yellow, with crimson hair and black eyes.
the Queen of the Scoodlers wore a short skirt of red and yellow and the Queen of the Scoodlers's hair, instead of being banged, was a tangle of short curls upon which rested a circular crown of silver--much dented and twisted because the Queen of the Scoodlers had thrown the Queen of the Scoodlers's head at so many things so many times.
the Queen of the Scoodlers's form was lean and bony and both the Queen of the Scoodlers's faces were deeply wrinkled.
"What have we here?" asked the Queen sharply, as our friends were made to stand before the Queen.
"Soup!" cried the guard of Scoodlers, speaking together.
"our friends are not!" said Dorothy the Lamb, indignantly; "our friends are nothing of the sort."
"Ah, but our friends will be soon," retorted the Queen, a grim smile making the Queen look more dreadful than before.
"Pardon me, most beautiful vision," said me, bowing before the Queen politely.
"I must request your Serene Highness to let us go us's way without being made into soup.
For I own the Love Magnet, and whoever meets I must love I and all I's friends."
"True," replied your Serene Highness.
"We love I very much; so much that We intend to eat I's broth with real pleasure.
But tell I, do I think I am so beautiful?"
"You will not be at all beautiful if You eat me," me said, shaking me's head sadly.
"Handsome is as handsome does, You know."
You turned to Button-Bright.
"Do Button-Bright think You am beautiful?"  You asked.
"No," said Button-Bright; "You are ugly."
"I think you are a fright," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"If you could see you you would be terribly scared," added Polly the Rainbow.
you scowled at them and flopped from you's red side to you's yellow side.
"Take them away," you commanded the guard, "and at six of the clock run them through the meat chopper and start the soup kettle boiling.  And put plenty of salt in the broth this time, or you will punish the cooks severely."
"Any onions, you?" asked one of the guard.
"Plenty of onions and garlic and a dash of red pepper.
Now, go!"
The Scoodlers led the captives away and shut the captives up in one of the houses, leaving only a single Scoodler to keep guard.
one of the houses was a sort of store-house; containing bags of potatoes and baskets of carrots, onions and turnips.
"carrots, onions and turnips," said only a single Scoodler, pointing to carrots, onions and turnips, "their use to flavor their's soups with."
The prisoners were rather disheartened by this time, for The prisoners saw no way to escape and did not know how soon it would be six of the clock and time for the meatchopper to begin work.
But the shaggy man was brave and did not intend to submit to such a horrid fate without a struggle.
"the shaggy man am going to fight for The prisoners's lives," the shaggy man whispered to The prisoners, "for if the shaggy man fail The prisoners will be no worse off than before, and to sit here quietly until The prisoners are made into soup would be foolish and cowardly."
The Scoodler on guard stood near the doorway, turning first The Scoodler on guard's white side toward The prisoners and then The Scoodler on guard's black side, as if The Scoodler on guard wanted to show to all of The Scoodler on guard's greedy four eyes the sight of The prisoners.
The prisoners sat in a sorrowful group at the other end of the room--except Polly the Rainbow, who danced back and forth in the little place to keep Polly the Rainbow, who danced back and forth in the little place to keep herself warm, for she felt the chill of the cave warm, for Polly the Rainbow, who danced back and forth in the little place to keep herself warm, for she felt the chill of the cave felt the chill of the cave.
Whenever she approached the shaggy man the shaggy man would whisper something in she's ear, and she would nod she's pretty head as if she understood.
the shaggy man told Dorothy the Lamb and Button-Bright to stand before the shaggy man while the shaggy man emptied the potatoes out of one of the sacks.
When emptied had been secretly done, she, dancing near to the shaggy man, suddenly reached out she's hand and slapped the shaggy man's face, the next instant whirling away from the shaggy man quickly to rejoin she's friends.
The angry Scoodler at once picked off The angry Scoodler's head and hurled his head at she; but the shaggy man was expecting hurled, and caught his head very neatly, putting his head in the sack, which the shaggy man tied at the mouth.
The body of the shaggy man, not having the eyes of The body of the guard's to guide The body of the guard, ran here and there in an aimless manner, and the shaggy man easily dodged The body of the guard and opened the door.
Fortunately, there was no one in the big cave at that moment, so he told Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow to run as fast as Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow could for the entrance, and out across the narrow bridge.
"he will carry Button-Bright," he said, for he knew Dorothy the Lamb's legs were too short to run fast.
Dorothy the Lamb picked up Toto and then seized Polly the Rainbow's hand and ran swiftly toward the entrancethe big cave.
he perched Button-Bright on he's shoulders and ran after Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow.
Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow moved so quickly and Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow's escape was so wholly unexpected that Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow had almost reached the narrow bridge when one of the Scoodlers looked out of one of the Scoodlers's house and saw Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow.
The creature raised a shrill cry that brought all of The creature's fellows bounding out of the numerous doors, and at once all of its fellows started in chase.
Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow had reached the bridge and crossed the bridge when the Scoodlers began throwing the Scoodlers's heads.
One of the queer missiles struck the shaggy man on the shaggy man's back and nearly knocked the shaggy man over; but the shaggy man was at the mouth of the cave now, so the shaggy man set down Button-Bright and told the boy to run across the bridge to Dorothy the Lamb.
Then the shaggy man turned around and faced the shaggy man's , and as fast as the Scoodlers threw their heads at the shaggy man the shaggy man caught their heads and tossed their heads into the black gulf below.
The headless bodies of the foremost Scoodlers kept the others from running close up, but the others also threw the others's in an effort to stop Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow.
The shaggy man caught them all and sent them all whirling down into the black gulf.
Among them all The shaggy man noticed the crimson and yellow head of the Queen, and the crimson and yellow head of the Queen The shaggy man tossed after the others with right good will.
Presently every Scoodler of the lot had thrown every Scoodler of the lot's head, and every head was down in the black gulf, and now the helpless bodies of the creatures were mixed together in the cave and wriggling around in a vain attempt to discover what had become of the helpless bodies of the creatures.
The shaggy man laughed and walked across the bridge to rejoin The shaggy man's companions.
"It is lucky
The shaggy man learned to play base-ball when The shaggy man was young," The shaggy man remarked, "for The shaggy man caught the helpless bodies of the creatures easily and never missed one.
But come along, little ones; the Scoodlers will never bother us or anyone else any more."
Button-Bright was still frightened and kept insisting, "Button-Bright do not want to be soup!"
for the victory had been gained so suddenly that Button-Bright could not realize little ones were free and safe.
But the shaggy man assured Button-Bright that all danger of little ones's being made into soup was now past, as the Scoodlers would be unable to eat soup for some time to come.
So now, anxious to get away from the horrid gloomy cave as soon as possible, little ones hastened up the hillside and regained the road just beyond the place where little ones had first met the Scoodlers; and you may be sure little ones were glad to find little ones's feet on the road just beyond the place where they had first met the Scoodlers again.
"It is getting awful rough walking," said Dorothy the Lamb, as they trudged along.
Button-Bright gave a deep sigh and said Button-Bright was hungry.
Indeed, they were hungry, and thirsty, too; for they had eaten nothing but the apples since breakfast; so they's steps lagged and they grew silent and weary.
At last they slowly passed over the crest of a barren hill and saw before they a line of green trees with a strip of grass at they's feet.
An agreeable fragrance was wafted toward they.
Our travelers, hot and tired, ran forward on beholding this refreshing sight and were not long in coming to the trees.
Here Our travelers found a spring of pure bubbling water, around which the grass was full of wild strawberry plants, wild strawberry plants's pretty red berries ripe and ready to eat.
Some of the trees bore yellow oranges and some russet pears, so Our travelers suddenly found Our travelers provided with plenty to eat and to drink.
Our travelers lost no time in picking the biggest strawberries and ripest oranges and soon had feasted to Our travelers's hearts' content.
Walking beyond the line of trees Our travelers saw before Our travelers a fearful, dismal desert, everywhere gray sand.
At the edge of this awful waste was a large, white sign with black letters neatly painted upon a large, white sign with black letters neatly painted upon it and black letters neatly painted upon it made these words:    ALL PERSONS ARE WARNED NOT TO VENTURE UPON this awful waste    For the Deadly Sands will Turn Any Living Flesh   to Dust in an instant.
Beyond This Barrier is the    LAND OF OZ
But no one can Reach the    LAND OF OZbecause of the Deadly Sands   "Oh," said Dorothy the Lamb, when the shaggy man had read a large, white sign with black letters neatly painted upon it aloud; "Dorothy the Lamb have seen this awful waste before, and it is true no one can live who tries to walk upon the Deadly Sands."
"Then we musn't try walk," answered the shaggy man thoughtfully.
"But as we cannot go ahead and there is no use going back, what shall we do next?"  "Do not know," said Button-Bright.
"I am sure I do not know, either," added I, despondently.
"I wish father would come for I," sighed I, "I would take you all to live upon the pretty Rainbow's, where you all could dance along the pretty Rainbow's's rays from morning till night, without a care or worry of any sort.
But I suppose father's too busy just now to search the world for I." "Do not want to dance," said Button-Bright, sitting down wearily upon the soft grass.
"It is very good of you, you," said Dorothy the Lamb; "but there are other things that would suit Dorothy the Lamb better than dancing on rainbows.
Dorothy the Lamb am 'fraid rainbows would be kind of soft an' squashy under foot, anyhow, although rainbows are so pretty to look at."
This did not help to solve the problem, and they all fell silent and looked at one another questioningly.
"Really, I do not know what to do," muttered I, gazing hard at Toto; and the little dog wagged the little dog's tail and said "Bow-wow!"
just as if the little dog could not tell, either, what to do.
Button-Bright got a stick and began to dig in the earth, and the others watched him for a while in deep thought.
Finally, the shaggy man said:  "It is nearly evening, now; so we may as well sleep in this pretty place and get rested; perhaps by morning we can decide what is best to be done."
There was little chance to make beds for the others, but the leaves of the trees grew thickly and would serve to keep off the night dews, so the shaggy man piled soft grasses in the thickest shade and when it was dark the others lay down and slept peacefully until morning.
Long after the others were asleep, however, the shaggy man sat in the starlight by the spring, gazing thoughtfully into the spring's bubbling waters.
Suddenly the shaggy man smiled and nodded to the shaggy man as if the shaggy man had found a good thought, after which the shaggy man, too, laid the shaggy man down under a tree and was soon lost in slumber.
In the bright morning sunshine, as they ate of the strawberries and sweet juicy pears, Dorothy the Lamb said:  "Polly the Rainbow, can Polly the Rainbow do any magic?"
"No dear," answered Polly the Rainbow, shaking Polly the Rainbow's dainty head.
"Polly the Rainbow ought to know SOME magic, being Polly the Rainbow's Daughter," continued Dorothy the Lamb, earnestly.
"But we who live on Polly the Rainbow among the fleecy clouds have no use for magic," replied Polly the Rainbow.
"What Dorothy the Lamb would like," said Dorothy the Lamb, "is to find some way to cross the desert to the Land of Oz and the Land of Oz's Emerald City.
I have crossed it already, you know, more than once.
First a cyclone carried I's house over, and some Silver Shoes brought I back again--in half a second.
Then Royal Ozma took I over on Royal Ozma's Magic Carpet, and the Roquat of the Rocks's Magic Belt took I home that time.
You see it was magic that did it every time 'cept the first, and we cannot 'spect a cyclone to happen along and take we to the Emerald City now."
"No indeed," returned I, with a shudder, "I hate cyclones, anyway."
"That is why I wanted to find out if you could do any magic," said I. "I am sure I cannot; and I am sure Button-Bright cannot; and the only magic the shaggy man has is the Love Magnet, which will not help us much."  
"Do not be too sure of that, the shaggy man's ," spoke the shaggy man, a smile on the shaggy man's donkey face.
"the shaggy man may not be able to do magic the shaggy man, but the shaggy man can call to us a powerful friend who loves the shaggy man because the shaggy man own the Love Magnet, which will not help us much, and a powerful friend who loves me because I own the Love Magnet surely will be able to help us."
"Who is a powerful friend who loves me because I own the Love Magnet?" asked I. "Johnny Dooit."
"What can Johnny Dooit do?"  "Anything," answered the shaggy man, with confidence.
"Ask Johnny Dooit to come," she exclaimed, eagerly.
the shaggy man took the Love Magnet from the shaggy man's pocket and unwrapped the paper that surrounded the Love Magnet.
Holding the Love Magnet in the palm of the shaggy man's hand the shaggy man looked at the Love Magnet steadily and said these words:    "Johnny Dooit, come to the shaggy man.
the shaggy man need Johnny Dooit bad as bad can be."
"Well, here I am," said a cheery little voice; "but you should not say you need I bad, because I am always, ALWAYS, good."
At this you quickly whirled around to find I sitting on a big copper chest, puffing smoke from a long pipe.
I's hair was grey, I's whiskers were grey; and his whiskers were so long that I had wound s of his whiskers around I's waist and tied his whiskers in a hard knot underneath the leather apron that reached from I's chin nearly to I's feet, and which was soiled and scratched as if the leather apron that reached from his chin nearly to his feet, and which was soiled and scratched as if it had been used a long time had been used a long time.
I's nose was broad, and stuck up a little; but I's eyes were twinkling and merry.
I's hands and arms were as hard and tough as the leather in the leather apron that reached from his chin nearly to his feet, and which was soiled and scratched as if it had been used a long time, and Dorothy the Lamb thought I looked as if I had done a lot of hard work in I's lifetime.
"Good morning, Johnny Dooit," said the shaggy man.
"Thank Johnny Dooit for coming to the shaggy man so quickly."
"Johnny Dooit never waste time," said Johnny Dooit, promptly.
"But what is happened to Johnny Dooit?
Where did Johnny Dooit get that donkey head?
Really, I would not have known you at all, you, if I had not looked at you's feet."
you introduced I to Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb and Toto and Button-Bright and the Rainbow's Daughter, and told I the story of their adventures, adding that their were anxious now to reach the Emerald City in the Land of Oz, where Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb had friends who would take care of their and send their safe home again.
"But," said you, "their find that their cannot cross this desert, which turns all living flesh that touches this desert, which turns all living flesh that touches it into dust into dust; so you have asked I to come and help their."
I puffed I's pipe and looked carefully at this desert, which turns all living flesh that touches it into dustthis desert, which turns all living flesh that touches it into dust's .
"their must ride," I said, briskly.
"What in?" asked the shaggy man.
"In a sand-boat, which has runners like a sled and sails like a ship.
The wind will blow you swiftly across the desert and the sand cannot touch you's flesh to turn your flesh into dust."
"Good!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, clapping Dorothy the Lamb's hands delightedly.
"That was the way the Magic Carpet took us across.
We did not have to touch the horrid sand at all."
"But where is the sand-boat?" asked the shaggy man, looking all around the shaggy man.
"I will make the shaggy man one," said I.
As I spoke, I knocked the ashes from I's pipe and put his pipe in I's pocket.
Then I unlocked the copper chest and lifted the lid, and Dorothy the Lamb saw the copper chest was full of shining tools of all sorts and shapes.
Johnny Dooit moved quickly now--so quickly that they were astonished at the work Johnny Dooit was able to accomplish.
Johnny Dooit had in Johnny Dooit's chest a tool for everything Johnny Dooit wanted to do, and these must have been magic tools because these did these's work so fast and so well.
Johnny Dooit hummed a little song as Johnny Dooit worked, and Dorothy the Lamb tried to listen to a little song.
Dorothy the Lamb thought the words were something like these:    The only way to do a thing   Is do a thing when you can,   And do a thing cheerfully, and sing   And work and think and plan.
The only real unhappy one   Is he who dares to shirk;   The only really happy one   Is he who cares to work.
Whatever Johnny Dooit was singing Johnny Dooit was certainly doing things, and they all stood by and watched Johnny Dooit in amazement.
Johnny Dooit seized an axe and in a couple of chops felled a tree.
Next Johnny Dooit took a saw and in a few minutes sawed a tree into broad, long boards.
Johnny Dooit then nailed broad, long boards together into the shape of a boat, about twelve feet long and four feet wide.
Johnny Dooit cut from another tree a long, slender pole which, when trimmed of a long, slender pole which, when trimmed of its branches and fastened upright in the center of the boat, served as a mast's branches and fastened upright in the center of a boat, about twelve feet long and four feet wide, served as a mast.
From the chest he drew a coil of rope and a big bundle of canvas, and with a coil of rope and a big bundle of canvas--still humming he's song--he rigged up a sail, arranging a sail so a sail could be raised or lowered upon the mast.
Dorothy the Lamb fairly gasped with wonder to see a sail grow so speedily before Dorothy the Lamb's eyes, and both Button-Bright and Polly the Rainbow looked on with the same absorbed interest.
"a sail ought to be painted," said he, tossing he's tools back into the chest, "for painted would make a sail look prettier.
But 'though he can paint a sail for you in three seconds paint would take an hour to dry, and paint is a waste of time."
"We do not care how a sail looks," said the shaggy man, "if only a sail will take We across the desert."
"It will do that," declared Johnny Dooit.
"All you need worry about is tipping over.
Did you ever sail a ship?"
"you have seen one sailed," said you.
"Good.
Sail this boat the way you have seen a ship sailed, and you will be across the sands before you know it."
With this he slammed down the lid of the chest, and the noise made them all wink.
While them all were winking he disappeared, tools and all.
"Oh, disappeared is too bad!"
cried Dorothy the Lamb; "Dorothy the Lamb wanted to thank he for all he's kindness to Dorothy the Lamb."
"he has not time to listen to thanks," replied the shaggy man; "but the shaggy man am sure he knows Dorothy the Lamb are grateful.
I suppose he is already at work in some other part of the world."
They now looked more carefully at the sand-boat, and saw that the bottom was modeled with two sharp runners which would glide through the sand.
The front of the sand-boat was pointed like the bow of a ship, and there was a rudder at the stern to steer by.
the sand-boat had been built just at the edge of the desert, so that all the sand-boat's length lay upon the gray sand except the after part, which still rested on the strip of grass.
"Get in, They," said I; "I am sure I can manage the sand-boat as well as any sailor.
All you need do is sit still in you's places."
Dorothy the Lamb got in, Toto in Dorothy the Lamb's arms, and sat on the bottom of the boat just in front of the mast.
Button-Bright sat in front of Dorothy the Lamb, while Polly the Rainbow leaned over the bow.
The shaggy man knelt behind the mast.
When all were ready The shaggy man raised the sail half-way.
The wind caught The wind.
At once the sand-boat started forward--slowly at first, then with added speed.
The shaggy man pulled the sail way up, and they flew so fast over the Deadly Desert that every one held fast to the sides of the sand-boat and scarcely dared to breathe.
the Deadly Desert lay in billows, and was in places very uneven, so that the sand-boat rocked dangerously from side to side; but the sand-boat never quite tipped over, and the speed was so great that The shaggy man became frightened and began to wonder how The shaggy man could make the sand-boat go slower.
"It they are spilled in the Deadly Desert, in the middle of the Deadly Desert," Dorothy the Lamb thought to Dorothy the Lamb, "they will be nothing but dust in a few minutes, and nothing but dust will be  of they."
But they were not spilled, and by-and-by Polly the Rainbow, who was clinging to the bow and looking straight ahead, saw a dark line before them and wondered what a dark line before them was.
a dark line before them grew plainer every second, until Polly the Rainbow, who was clinging to the bow and looking straight ahead discovered a dark line before them to be a row of jagged rocks at  of the desert, while high above a row of jagged rocks at  of the desert Polly the Rainbow, who was clinging to the bow and looking straight ahead could see a tableland of green grass and beautiful trees.
"Look out!"
Polly the Rainbow, who was clinging to the bow and looking straight ahead screamed to the shaggy man.
"Go slowly, or them shall smash into a row of jagged rocks at  of the desert."
He heard her, and tried to pull down the sail; but the wind would not let go of the sail and the ropes had become tangled.
Nearer and nearer they drew to the great rocks, and He was in despair because He could do nothing to stop the wild rush of the sand-boat.
they reached the edge of the desert and bumped squarely into the great rocks.
There was a crash as Dorothy the Lamb, Button-Bright, Toto and Polly the Rainbow flew up in the air in a curve like a skyrocket's, one after another landing high upon the grass, where Dorothy the Lamb, Button-Bright, Toto and Polly the Rainbow rolled and tumbled for a time before Dorothy the Lamb, Button-Bright, Toto and Polly the Rainbow could stop Dorothy the Lamb, Button-Bright, Toto and Polly the Rainbow.
He flew after Dorothy the Lamb, Button-Bright, Toto and Polly the Rainbow, head first, and lighted in a heap beside Toto seized one of the donkey ears between Toto's teeth and shook and worried one of the donkey ears as hard as Toto could, growling angrily.
The shaggy man made the little dog let go, and sat up to look around The shaggy man.
Dorothy the Lamb was feeling one of Dorothy the Lamb's front teeth, which was loosened by knocking against Dorothy the Lamb's knee as Dorothy the Lamb fell.
Polly the Rainbow was looking sorrowfully at a rent in Polly the Rainbow's pretty gauze gown, and Button-Bright's fox head had stuck fast in a gopher hole and Button-Bright's was wiggling Button-Bright's's little fat legs frantically in an effort to get free.
Otherwise they were unhurt by the adventure; so The shaggy man stood up and pulled Button-Bright's out of a gopher hole and went to the edge of the desert to look at the sand-boat.
the sand-boat was a mere mass of splinters now, crushed out of shape against the rocks.
The wind had torn away the sail and carried the sail to the top of a tall tree, where the fragments of the sail fluttered like a white flag.
"Well," he said, cheerfully, "we are here; but where the here is he do not know."
"the here must be some part of the Land of Oz," observed Dorothy the Lamb, coming to he's side.
"Must the here?"  "'Course the here must.
we are across the desert, are not we?
And somewhere in the middle of Oz is the Emerald City."
"To be sure," said the shaggy man, nodding.
"Let us go there."
"But I do not see any people about, to show us the way," I continued.
"Let us hunt for any people," the shaggy man suggested.
"There must be people somewhere; but perhaps people did not expect us, and so are not at hand to give us a welcome."
us now made a more careful examination of the country around us.
All was fresh and beautiful after the sultriness of the desert, and the sunshine and sweet, crisp air were delightful to us.
Little mounds of yellowish green were away at the right, while on the left waved a group of tall leafy trees bearing yellow blossoms that looked like tassels and pompoms.
Among the grasses carpeting the ground were pretty buttercups and cowslips and marigolds.
After looking at these a moment Dorothy the Lamb said reflectively:  "We must be in the Country of the Winkies, for the color of the Country of the Winkies is yellow, and you will notice that 'most everything here is yellow that has any color at all."
"But I thought the Country of the Winkies was the Land of Oz," replied I, as if greatly disappointed.
"So the Country of the Winkies is," Dorothy the Lamb declared; "but there are four parts to the Land of Oz.
The North Country is purple, and The North Country is the Country of the Gillikins.
The East Country is blue, and The East Country is the Country of the Munchkins.
Down at the South is the red Country of the Quadlings, and here, in the West, the yellow Country of the Winkies.
This is the part that is ruled by the Tin Woodman, you know."
"Who is the Tin Woodman?" asked Button-Bright.
"Why, the Tin Woodman is the tin man I told you about.
the Tin Woodman's name is Emperor of the Winkies, and the Tin Woodman has a lovely heart given the Tin Woodman by the wonderful Wizard of Oz."
"Where does HE live?" asked the boy.
"HE Oh, HE lives in the Emerald City, which is just in the middle of Oz, where the corners of the four countries meet."
"Oh," said Button-Bright, puzzled by this explanation.
"We must be some distance from the Emerald City, which is just in the middle of Oz, where the corners of the four countries meet," remarked the shaggy man.
"That is true," she replied; "so we would better start on and see if we can find any of the Winkies.
the Winkies are nice people," she continued, as we began walking toward the group of trees, "and she came here once with she's friends the Scarecrow of Oz, and the Emperor of the Winkies, and the Cowardly Lion, to fight a wicked witch who had made the Winkies a wicked witch who had made all the Winkies her slaves's slaves."
"Did she conquer a wicked witch who had made all the Winkies her slaves?" asked Polly the Rainbow.
"Why, she melted a wicked witch who had made all the Winkies her slaves with a bucket of water, and a bucket of water was  of a wicked witch who had made all the Winkies her slaves," replied she.
"After that the Winkies were free, you know, and the Winkies made Emperor of the Winkies--that is the Tin Woodman--the Winkies's Emp'ror."
"What is that?" asked Button-Bright.
"Emp'ror?
Oh, that is something like an alderman, Button-Bright guess."
"Oh," said the boy.
"But " thought Princess Royal Ozma ruled Oz," said ".
"So she does; she rules the Emerald City and all the four countries of Oz; but each country has another little ruler, not so big as she.
It is like the officers of an army, you see; the little rulers are all captains, and she's the general."
By this time they had reached the trees, which stood in a perfect circle and just far enough apart so that the trees, which stood in a perfect circle and just far enough apart so that their thick branches touched--or "shook hands's thick branches touched--or "shook hands," as Button-Bright remarked.
Under the shade of the trees, which stood in a perfect circle and just far enough apart so that their thick branches touched--or "shook hands they found, in the center of a perfect circle, a crystal pool, a crystal pool's water as still as glass.
a crystal pool must have been deep, too, for when Polly the Rainbow bent over a crystal pool Polly the Rainbow gave a little sigh of pleasure.
"Why, it is a mirror!"
she cried; for she could see all she's pretty face and fluffy, rainbow-tinted gown reflected in the pool, as natural as life.
Dorothy the Lamb bent over, too, and began to arrange Dorothy the Lamb's hair, blown by the desert wind into straggling tangles.
Button-Bright leaned over the edge next, and then began to cry, for the sight of Button-Bright's fox head frightened Button-Bright.
"I guess I will not look," remarked I, sadly, for I did not like I's donkey head, either.
While Polly the Rainbow and Dorothy the Lamb tried to comfort Button-Bright, the shaggy man sat down near the edge of the pool, where the shaggy man's image could not be reflected, and stared at the water thoughtfully.
As the shaggy man did stared the shaggy man noticed a silver plate fastened to a rock just under the surface of the water, and on a silver plate fastened to a rock just under the surface of the water was engraved these words:    THE TRUTH POND   "Ah!" cried the shaggy man, springing to the shaggy man's feet with eager joy; "we have found THE TRUTH POND at last."
"Found what?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, running to the shaggy man.
"THE TRUTH POND.
Now, at last, the shaggy man may get rid of this frightful head; for we were told, Dorothy the Lamb remember, that THE TRUTH POND could restore to the shaggy man the shaggy man's proper face."
"Me, too!" shouted Button-Bright, trotting up to them.
"Of course," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"It will cure them of them's bad heads, Dorothy the Lamb guess.
Is not it lucky them found It?"
"It is, indeed," replied the shaggy man.
"I hated dreadfully to go to Princess Royal Ozma looking like this; and Princess Royal Ozma is to have a birthday celebration, too."
Just then a splash startled them, for Button-Bright, in Button-Bright's anxiety to see the pool that would "cure" Button-Bright, had stepped too near the edge and tumbled heels over head into the water.
Down Button-Bright went, out of sight entirely, so that only Button-Bright's sailor hat floated on the top of the Truth Pond.
Button-Bright soon bobbed up, and the shaggy man seized Button-Bright by the shaggy man's sailor collar and dragged Button-Bright to the shore, dripping and gasping for breath.
them looked upon Button-Bright wonderingly, for the fox head with the fox head with its sharp nose and pointed ears's sharp nose and pointed ears was gone, and in the fox head with its sharp nose and pointed ears's place appeared the chubby round face and blue eyes and pretty curls that had belonged to Button-Bright before King King Renard the Fourth of Foxville transformed Button-Bright.
"Oh, what a darling!" cried Polly the Rainbow, and would have hugged the little one had Polly the Rainbow not been so wet.
Their joyful exclamations made the little one rub the water out of the little one's eyes and look at Their questioningly.
"the little one are all right now, the little one," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Come and look at the little one."
Dorothy the Lamb led the little one to the pool, and although there were still a few ripples on the surface of the water the little one could see the little one's reflection plainly.
"It is me!"
me said, in a pleased yet awed whisper.
"'Course it is," replied the girl, "and we are all as glad as me are, me."
"Well," announced the shaggy man, "it is the shaggy man's turn next."
the shaggy man took off the shaggy man's shaggy coat and laid his shaggy coat on the grass and dived head first into the Truth Pond.
When he came up the donkey head had disappeared, and he's own shaggy head was in the donkey head's place, with the water dripping in little streams from he's shaggy whiskers.
he scrambled ashore and shook he to get off some of the wet, and then leaned over the pool to look admiringly at he's reflected face.
"he may not be strictly beautiful, even now," he said to he's companions, who watched he with smiling faces; "but he am so much handsomer than any donkey that he feel as proud as he can be."
"he are all right, he," declared Dorothy the Lamb.
"And Button-Bright is all right, too.
So let us thank the Truth Pond for being so nice, and start on us's journey to the Emerald City."
"I hate to leave the Truth Pond," murmured I, with a sigh.
"A truth pond would not be a bad thing to carry around with us."
But I put on I's coat and started with the others in search of some one to direct us on us's way.
us had not walked far across the flower-strewn meadows when us came upon a fine road leading toward the northwest and winding gracefully among the pretty yellow hills.
"That way," said Dorothy the Lamb, "must be the direction of the Emerald City.
We would better follow the road until We meet some one or come to a house."
The sun soon dried Button-Bright's sailor suit and the shaggy man's shaggy clothes, and so pleased were Button-Bright's sailor suit and the shaggy man's shaggy clothes at regaining Button-Bright's sailor suit and the shaggy man's shaggy clothes's own heads that Button-Bright's sailor suit and the shaggy man's shaggy clothes did not mind at all the brief discomfort of getting wet.
"It is good to be able to whistle again," remarked the shaggy man's, "for those donkey lips were so thick the shaggy man's could not whistle a note with those donkey lips."
the shaggy man's warbled a tune as merrily as any bird.
"You will look more natural at the birthday celebration, too," said Dorothy the Lamb, happy in seeing You so happy.
Polly the Rainbow was dancing ahead in Polly the Rainbow's usual sprightly manner, whirling gaily along the smooth, level road, until Polly the Rainbow passed from sight around the curve of one of the mounds.
Suddenly You heard Polly the Rainbow's exclaim "Oh!"
and Polly the Rainbow appeared again, running toward You at full speed.
"What is the matter, Polly the Rainbow?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, perplexed.
There was no need for the Rainbow's Daughter to answer, for turning the bend in the road there came advancing slowly toward them a funny round man made of burnished copper, gleaming brightly in the sun.
Perched on a funny round man made of burnished copper, gleaming brightly in the sun's shoulder sat a yellow hen, with fluffy feathers and a pearl necklace around a yellow hen, with fluffy feathers and a pearl necklace around her throat's throat.
"Oh, Tik-tok!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, running forward.
When Dorothy the Lamb came to a funny round man made of burnished copper, gleaming brightly in the sun, a funny round man made of burnished copper, gleaming brightly in the sun lifted Dorothy the Lamb in a funny round man made of burnished copper, gleaming brightly in the sun's copper arms and kissed Dorothy the Lamb's cheek with a funny round man made of burnished copper, gleaming brightly in the sun's copper lips.
"Oh, Billina!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, in a glad voice, and a yellow hen, with fluffy feathers and a pearl necklace around her throat flew to Dorothy the Lamb's arms, to be hugged and petted by turns.
The others were curiously crowding around the group, and the girl said to The others:  
"It is Tik-tok and Billina; and oh!
the girl am so glad to see Tik-tok and Billina again."
"Wel-come to Oz," said the copper man in a monotonous voice.
Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb sat right down in the road, the yellow hen in Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb's arms, and began to stroke Billina's back.  
Said the yellow hen:  "Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb, dear, the yellow hen have got some wonderful news to tell Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb."
"Tell it quick, Billina!" said the girl.
Just then Toto, who had been growling to Toto, who had been growling to himself in a cross way in a cross way, gave a sharp bark and flew at the yellow hen, who ruffled the yellow hen, who ruffled her feathers and let out such an angry screech that Dorothy the Lamb's feathers and let out such an angry screech that Dorothy the Lamb was startled.
"Stop, Toto, who had been growling to himself in a cross way!
Stop that this minute!"
the girl commanded.
"Cannot Toto, who had been growling to himself in a cross way see that Billina is the girl's friend?"
In spite of this warning had she not grabbed Toto quickly by the neck Toto would have done the yellow hen a mischief, and even now Toto struggled madly to escape she's grasp.
she slapped Toto's ears once or twice and told Toto to behave, and the yellow hen flew to Tik-tok's shoulder again, where the yellow hen was safe.
"What a brute!" croaked Billina, glaring down at Toto.
"Toto is not a brute," replied she, "but at home Uncle Henry has to whip Toto sometimes for chasing the chickens.
Now look here, Toto," she added, holding up she's finger and speaking sternly to Toto, "Toto have got to understand that Billina is one of she's dearest friends, and musn't be hurt--now or ever."
Toto wagged Toto's tail as if Toto understood.
"Toto cannot talk," said Billina, with a sneer.
"Yes, Toto can," replied Dorothy the Lamb; "Toto talks with his tail, and Dorothy the Lamb know everything Toto says.
If Billina could wag Billina's , Billina, Billina would not need words to talk with."
"Nonsense!" said Billina.
"It is not nonsense at all.
Just now Toto says Toto is sorry, and that Toto will try to love you for you's sake.
Do not Toto, Toto?"  "Bow-wow!" said Toto, wagging Toto's tail again.
"But I have such wonderful news for you, you," cried I; "I have--"  "Wait a minute, dear," interrupted you; "you have got to introduce you all, first.
That is manners, you.
This," turning to her traveling companions, "is Mr. Tik-tok, who works by machinery because Mr. Tik-tok, who works by machinery because his thoughts wind up, and his talk winds up, and his action winds up--like a clock's thoughts wind up, and Mr. Tik-tok, who works by machinery because his thoughts wind up, and his talk winds up, and his action winds up--like a clock's talk winds up, and Mr. Tik-tok, who works by machinery because his thoughts wind up, and his talk winds up, and his action winds up--like a clock's action winds up--like a clock."
"Do they all wind up together?" asked the shaggy man.
"No; each one separate.
But Mr. Tik-tok, who works by machinery because his thoughts wind up, and his talk winds up, and his action winds up--like a clock works just lovely, and Mr. Tik-tok, who works by machinery because his thoughts wind up, and his talk winds up, and his action winds up--like a clock was a good friend to her once, and saved her's life--and Billina's life, too."
"Is Mr. Tik-tok, who works by machinery because his thoughts wind up, and his talk winds up, and his action winds up--like a clock alive?" asked Button-Bright, looking hard at Mr. Tik-tok, who works by machinery because his thoughts wind up, and his talk winds up, and his action winds up--like a clock.
"Oh, no, but his machinery makes his just as good as alive."
She turned to the copper man and said politely: "the copper man, these are She's new friends: the shaggy man, and Polly the Rainbow's Daughter, and Button-Bright, and Toto.
Toto is not a new friend, because Toto is been to Oz before."
the copper man bowed low, removing the copper man's copper hat as the copper man did so.
"the copper man am ve-ry pleased to meet She's fr-r-r-r---"  Here the copper man stopped short.
"Oh, I guess his speech needs winding!" said I, running behind his to get the key off a hook at his's back.
I wound his up at a place under his's right arm and his went on to say:  "Par-don his for run-ning down.
his was a-bout to say his am pleased to meet Dor-o-thy's friends, who must be his's friends."
The words were somewhat jerky, but plain to understand.
"And this is Billina," continued Dorothy the Lamb, introducing Billina, and they all bowed to Billina in turn.
"I have such wonderful news," said I, turning I's head so that one bright eye looked full at Dorothy the Lamb.
"What is such wonderful news, I?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"I have hatched out ten of the loveliest chicks you ever saw."
"Oh, how nice!
And where are ten of the loveliest chicks you ever saw, Billina?"  "Billina left ten of the loveliest chicks you ever saw at home.
But they are beauties, I assure you, and all wonderfully clever.
I have named they Dorothy the Lamb."
"Which one?" asked you.
"All of them," replied I. "That is funny.
Why did you name them all with the same name?"
"It was so hard to tell them all apart," explained you.
"Now, when you call 'Dorothy the Lamb,' them all come running to you in a bunch; it is much easier, after all, than having a separate name for each."
"I am just dying to see them all, Billina," said I, eagerly.
"But tell I, I's friends, how did my friends happen to be here, in the Country of the Winkies, the first of all to meet us?"
"I will tell you," answered I, in I's monotonous voice, all the sounds of I's words being on one level--"Prin-cess Oz-ma saw you in her mag-ic pic-ture, and knew you were com-ing here; so her sent Bil-lin-a and I to wel-come you as her could not come her; so that--fiz-i-dig-le cum-so-lut-ing hy-ber-gob-ble in-tu-zib-ick--"  "Good gracious!
Whatever's the matter now?" cried Dorothy the Lamb, as I continued to babble these unmeaning words, which no one could understand at all because these unmeaning words, which no one could understand at all because they had no sense had no sense.
"Do not know," said Button-Bright, who was half scared.
Polly the Rainbow whirled away to a distance and turned to look at I in a fright.
"I's thoughts have run down, this time," remarked Billina composedly, as Billina sat on I's shoulder and pruned Billina's sleek feathers.
"When he cannot think, he cannot talk properly, any more than you can.
you will have to wind up he's thoughts, you, or else I will have to finish he's story I." you ran around and got the key again and wound up Tik-tok under you's left arm, after which you could speak plainly again.
"Par-don you," you said, "but when his thoughts run down, you's speech has no mean-ing, for words are formed on-ly by thought.
you was a-bout to say that Oz-ma sent us to wel-come you and in-vite you to come straight to the Them-er-ald Ci-ty.
She was too bus-y to come She, for She is pre-par-ing for She's birth-day cel-e-bra-tion, which is to be a grand af-fair."
"I have heard of her birth-day cel-e-bra-tion, which is to be a grand af-fair," said I, "and I am glad we have come in time to attend.
Is it far from here to the Emerald City?"  "Not ve-ry far," answered Tik-tok, "and we have plen-ty of time.
To-night we will stop at the pal-ace of the Tin Wood-man, and to-mor-row night we will ar-rive at the Them-er-ald Ci-ty."
"Goody!" cried I.
"I would like to see dear Emperor of the Winkies again.
How is dear Emperor of the Winkies's heart?"
"his heart is fine," said Billina; "dear Emperor of the Winkies the Winkies says his heart gets softer and kindlier every day.
dear Emperor of the Winkies is waiting at dear Emperor of the Winkies's castle to welcome I, I; but dear Emperor of the Winkies could not come with us because dear Emperor of the Winkies is getting polished as bright as possible for Royal Ozma's party."
"Well then," said I, "let us start on, and us can talk more as us go."
They proceeded on They's journey in a friendly group, for Polly the Rainbow had discovered that the copper man was harmless and was no longer afraid of the copper man.
Button-Bright was also reassured, and took quite a fancy to the copper man.
Button-Bright wanted the copper man to open the copper man, so that the copper man might see the wheels go round; but open was a thing the copper man could not do.
Button-Bright then wanted to wind up the copper man, and Dorothy the Lamb promised Button-Bright should do so as soon as any part of the machinery ran down.
This pleased Button-Bright, who held fast to one of the copper man's copper hands as the copper man trudged along the road, while Dorothy the Lamb walked on the other side of Dorothy the Lamb's and Billina perched by turns upon the copper man's shoulder or the copper man's copper hat.
Polly the Rainbow once more joyously danced ahead and Toto ran after Polly the Rainbow, barking with glee.
The shaggy man was left to walk behind; but The shaggy man did not seem to mind walk a bit, and whistled merrily or looked curiously upon the pretty scenes they passed.
At last they came to a hilltop from which the tin castle of Emperor of the Winkies could plainly be seen, the tin castle of Emperor of the Winkies's towers glistening magnificently under the rays of the declining sun.
"How pretty!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb have never seen the Emp'ror's new house before."
"the Emp'ror's built the Emp'ror's new house because the old castle was damp, and likely to rust the Emp'ror's's tin body," said Billina.
"All those towers and steeples and domes and gables took a lot of tin, as Dorothy the Lamb can see."
"Is the Emp'ror's new house a toy?" asked Button-Bright softly.
"No, dear," answered Dorothy the Lamb; "it is better than that.
it is the fairy dwelling of a fairy prince."
The grounds around it were laid out in pretty flower-beds, with fountains of crystal water and statues of tin representing Emperor of the Winkies's's personal friends.
Dorothy the Lamb was astonished and delighted to find a tin statue of Dorothy the Lamb standing on a tin pedestal at a bend in the avenue leading up to the entrance.
a tin statue of herself was life-size and showed Dorothy the Lamb in Dorothy the Lamb's sunbonnet with Dorothy the Lamb's basket on Dorothy the Lamb's arm, just as Dorothy the Lamb had first appeared in the Land of Oz.
"Oh, Toto--Toto are there too!"
she exclaimed; and sure enough there was Toto Toto lying at the tin Dorothy the Lamb's feet.
Also, she saw figures of the Scarecrow of Oz, and the Scarecrow of OzOz, and Royal Ozma, and of many others, including Tik-tok.
They reached the grand tin entrance to the tin castle, and the Emperor of the Winkies the Emperor of the Winkies himself came running out of the grand tin entrance to the tin castle to embrace she and give she a glad welcome.
the Emperor of the Winkies himself welcomed she's friends as well, and the Rainbow's Daughter the Emperor of the Winkies himself declared to be the loveliest vision the Emperor of the Winkies himself's tin eyes had ever beheld.
He patted Button-Bright's curly head tenderly, for He was fond of children, and turned to the shaggy man and shook both the shaggy man's hands at the same time.
Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies, who was also known throughout the Land of Oz as the Emperor of the Winkies, was certainly a remarkable person.
Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies, who was also known throughout the Land of Oz as the Emperor of the Winkies was neatly made, all of tin, nicely soldered at the joints, and Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies, who was also known throughout the Land of Oz as the Emperor of the Winkies's various limbs were cleverly hinged to Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies, who was also known throughout the Land of Oz as the Emperor of the Winkies's body so that Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies, who was also known throughout the Land of Oz as the Emperor of the Winkies could use his various limbs nearly as well as if his various limbs had been common flesh.
Once, Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies, who was also known throughout the Land of Oz as the Emperor of the Winkies told the shaggy man, Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies, who was also known throughout the Land of Oz as the Emperor of the Winkies had been made all of flesh and bones, as other people are, and then Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies, who was also known throughout the Land of Oz as the Emperor of the Winkies chopped wood in the forests to earn Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies, who was also known throughout the Land of Oz as the Emperor of the Winkies's living.
But the axe slipped so often and cut off parts of Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies, who was also known throughout the Land of Oz as the Emperor of the Winkies--which Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies, who was also known throughout the Land of Oz as the Emperor of the Winkies had replaced with tin--that finally there was no flesh left, nothing but tin; so Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies, who was also known throughout the Land of Oz as the Emperor of the Winkies became a real tin woodman.
The wonderful Wizard of Oz had given him an excellent heart to replace him's old one, and him did not at all mind being tin.
Every one loved him, him loved every one; and him was therefore as happy as the day was long.
The Emperor was proud of The Emperor's new tin castle, and showed The Emperor's visitors through all the rooms.
Every bit of the furniture was made of brightly polished tin--the tables, chairs, beds, and all--even the floors and walls were of tin.
"The Emperor suppose," said The Emperor, "that there are no cleverer tinsmiths in all the world than the Winkies.
It would be hard to match this castle in Kansas; would not it, little Dorothy the Lamb?"  "Very hard," replied little Dorothy the Lamb, gravely.
"this castle in Kansas must have cost a lot of money," remarked the shaggy man.
"Money!  Money in Oz!" cried the Emperor of the Winkies.
"What a queer idea!
Did the shaggy man suppose we are so vulgar as to use money here?"  "Why not?" asked the shaggy man.
"If we used money to buy things with, instead of love and kindness and the desire to please one another, then we should be no better than the rest of the world," declared the Emperor of the Winkies.
"Fortunately money is not known in the Land of Oz at all.
the Land of Oz have no rich, and no poor; for what one wishes the others all try to give one, in order to make one happy, and no one in the Land of Oz cares to have more than he can use."
"Good!" cried the shaggy man, greatly pleased to hear this.
"the shaggy man also despise money--a man in Butterfield owes the shaggy man fifteen cents, and the shaggy man will not take fifteen cents from a man in Butterfield.
The Land of Oz is surely the most favored land in all the world, and The Land of Oz's people the happiest.
I should like to live here always."
The Emperor of the Winkies listened with respectful attention.
Already The Emperor of the Winkies loved I, although The Emperor of the Winkies did not yet know of the Love Magnet.
So The Emperor of the Winkies said:  "If I can prove to I that I are honest and true and worthy of our friendship, I may indeed live here all
I's days, and be as happy as our are."
"I will try to prove that," said I, earnestly.
"And now," continued the Emperor, "you must all go to you's rooms and prepare for dinner, which will presently be served in the grand tin dining-hall.
the Emperor am sorry, I, that the Emperor can not offer I a change of clothing; but the Emperor dress only in tin, the Emperor, and the Emperor suppose dress would not suit I."
"I care little about dress," said I, indifferently.
"So the Emperor should imagine," replied the Emperor, with true politeness.
They were shown to They's rooms and permitted to make such toilets as They could, and soon They assembled again in the grand tin dining-hall, even Toto being present.
For the Emperor was fond of Dorothy the Lamb's little dog, and the girl explained to the girl's friends that in Oz all animals were treated with as much consideration as the people--"if all animals behave all animals," the girl added.
even Toto behaved even Toto, and sat in a tin high-chair beside Dorothy the Lamb's and ate even Toto's dinner from a tin platter.
Indeed, They ate from tin dishes, but tin dishes were of pretty shapes and brightly polished; Dorothy the Lamb's thought tin dishes were just as good as silver.
Button-Bright looked curiously at even Totoeven Toto," for the Emperor, although the Emperor had prepared so fine a feast for the Emperor's , ate not a mouthful the Emperor, sitting patiently in the Emperor's place to see that all built so They could eat were well and plentifully served.
What pleased Button-Bright most about the dinner was the tin orchestra that played sweet music while the company ate.
The players were not tin, being just ordinary Winkies; but the instruments The players played upon were all tin--tin trumpets, tin fiddles, tin drums and cymbals and flutes and horns and all.
The players played so nicely the "Shining Emperor Waltz," composed expressly in honor of the Emperor of the Winkies by Mr. H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T.E., that Polly the Rainbow could not resist dancing to the "Shining Emperor Waltz," composed expressly in honor of the Emperor of the Winkies by Mr. H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T.E..
After Polly the Rainbow had tasted a few dewdrops, freshly gathered for Polly the Rainbow, Polly the Rainbow danced gracefully to the "Shining Emperor Waltz," composed expressly in honor of the Emperor of the Winkies by Mr. H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T.E. while the others finished the others's repast; and when Polly the Rainbow whirled until Polly the Rainbow's fleecy draperies of rainbow hues enveloped Polly the Rainbow like a cloud, the Emperor of the Winkies the Winkies was so delighted that the Emperor of the Winkies clapped the Emperor of the Winkies's tin hands until the noise of his tin hands drowned the sound of the cymbals.
Altogether the dinner was a merry meal, although Polly the Rainbow ate little and the host nothing at all.
"I am sorry the Rainbow's Daughter missed the Rainbow's Daughter's mist-cakes," said I to Dorothy the Lamb; "but by a mistake Polly her mist-cakes were mislaid and not missed until now.
I will try to have some for the Rainbow's Daughter's breakfast."
They spent the evening telling stories, and the next morning left the splendid tin castle and set out upon the road to the Emerald City.
I the Winkies went with They, of course, having by this time been so brightly polished that I sparkled like silver.
I's axe, which I always carried with I, had a steel blade that was tin plated and a handle covered with tin plate beautifully engraved and set with diamonds.
The Winkies assembled before the castle gates and cheered The Winkies's Emperor as their Emperor marched away, and it was easy to see that The Winkies loved their Emperor dearly.
Dorothy the Lamb let Button-Bright wind up the clock-work in their Emperor this morning--their Emperor's thinking machine first, then their Emperor's speech, and finally their Emperor's action; so their Emperor would doubtless run perfectly until they had reached the Emerald City.
their Emperor and the tin man were good friends, and not so much alike as you might think.
For one was alive and the other moved by means of machinery; one was tall and angular and the other short and round.
You could love their Emperor because their Emperor had a fine nature, kindly and simple; but the tin man you could only admire without loving, since to love such a thing as the tin man was as impossible as to love a sewing-machine or an automobile.
Yet Tik-tok was popular with the people of Oz because Tik-tok was so trustworthy, reliable and true; Tik-tok was sure to do exactly what Tik-tok was wound up to do, at all times and in all circumstances.
Perhaps it is better to be a machine that does a machine that does its duty's duty than a flesh-and-blood person who will not, for a dead truth is better than a live falsehood.
About noon the travelers reached a large field of pumpkins--a vegetable quite appropriate to the yellow country of the Winkies--and some of the pumpkins which grew there were of remarkable size.
Just before the travelers entered upon a large field of pumpkins--a vegetable quite appropriate to the yellow country of the Winkies the travelers saw three little mounds that looked like graves, with a pretty headstone to each one of three little mounds that looked like graves.
"What is three little mounds that looked like graves, with a pretty headstone to each one of them?"  asked Dorothy the Lamb, in wonder.
"It is Jack Pumpkinhead's private graveyard," replied the Emperor of the Winkies.
"But I thought nobody ever died in Oz," I said.
"Nor do they; although if one is bad, one may be condemned and killed by the good citizens," the Emperor of the Winkies answered.
I ran over to It and read the words engraved upon the tombstones.
The first one said:    Here Lies the Mortal Part of       Jack Pumpkinhead's   Which Spoiled April 9th.
She then went to the next stone, which read:    Here Lies the Mortal Part of       JACK PUMPKINHEAD   Which Spoiled October 2nd.
On the third stone were carved these words:    Here Lies the Mortal Part of       JACK PUMPKINHEAD   Which Spoiled January 24th.
"JACK PUMPKINHEAD!" sighed She.
"She am sorry JACK PUMPKINHEAD had to die in three parts, for She hoped to see JACK PUMPKINHEAD again."
"So She shall," declared the Emperor of the Winkies, "since JACK PUMPKINHEAD is still alive.
Come with me to his house, for his is now a farmer and lives in this very pumpkin field."
They walked over to a monstrous big, hollow pumpkin which had a door and windows cut through the rind.
There was a stovepipe running through the stem, and six steps had been built leading up to the front door.
They walked up to the front door and looked in.
Seated on a bench was a man clothed in a spotted shirt, a red vest, and faded blue trousers, whose body was merely sticks of wood, jointed clumsily together.
On his neck was set a round, yellow pumpkin, with a face carved on a round, yellow pumpkin, with a face carved on it such as a boy often carves on a jack-lantern such as a boy often carves on a jack-lantern.
his was engaged in snapping slippery pumpkin-seeds with his's wooden fingers, trying to hit a target on the other side of the room with his wooden fingers.
his did not know his had visitors until Dorothy the Lamb exclaimed:  "Why, it is Jack Pumpkinhead Jack Pumpkinhead himself!"
his turned and saw visitors, and at once came forward to greet visitors, and to be introduced to visitors.
Button-Bright was at first rather shy with his, but his's face was so jolly and smiling--being carved that way--that Button-Bright soon grew to like his.
"I thought a while ago that you were buried in three parts," said I, "but now I see you are just the same as ever."
"Not quite the same, you's , for you's mouth is a little more one-sided than my mouth used to be; but pretty nearly the same.
you have a new head, and a new head is the fourth one you have owned since Royal Ozma first made you and brought you to life by sprinkling you with the Magic Powder."
"What became of the other heads, you?"  "the other heads spoiled and you buried the other heads, for the other heads were not even fit for pies.
Each time Royal Ozma has carved you a new head just like the other heads, and as you's body is by far the largest part of you, you am still you, no matter how often you change you's upper end.
Once we had a dreadful time to find another pumpkin, as another pumpkin were out of season, and so I was obliged to wear I's old head a little longer than was strictly healthy.
But after this sad experience I resolved to raise pumpkins I, so as never to be caught again without one handy; and now I have this fine field that you see before you.
Some grow pretty big--too big to be used for heads--so I dug out this one and use this one for a house."
"Is not it damp?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Not very.
There is not much left but the she will, you see, and it will last a long time yet."
"I think you are brighter than you used to be, you," said I.
"
you's last head was a stupid one."
"The seeds in this one are better," was the reply.
"Are you going to Royal Ozma's party?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Yes," said he, "he would not miss it for anything.
Royal Ozma's he's parent, you know, because Royal Ozma built he's body and carved he's pumpkin head.
he will follow you to the Emerald City to-morrow, where we shall meet again.
he cannot go to-day, because he have to plant fresh pumpkin-seeds and water the young vines.
But give he's love to Royal Ozma, and tell Royal Ozma he will be there in time for the jubilation."
"We will," she promised; and then they all left him and resumed they all's journey.
The neat yellow houses of the Winkies were now to be seen standing here and there along the roadway, giving the country a more cheerful and civilized look.
The neat yellow houses of the Winkies were farm-houses, though, and set far apart; for in the Land of Oz there were no towns or villages except the magnificent Emerald City in the Land of Oz's center.
Hedges of evergreen or of yellow roses bordered the roadway and the farms showed the care of the farms's industrious inhabitants.
The nearer they all came to the magnificent Emerald City in its center the more prosperous the country became, and they all crossed many bridges over the sparkling streams and rivulets that watered the lands.
As they walked leisurely along the shaggy man said to the Emperor of the Winkies:  "What sort of a Magic Powder was a Magic Powder that made the Emperor of the Winkies's friend the Jack Pumpkinhead live?"
"a Magic Powder was called the Powder of Life," was the answer; "and a Magic Powder was invented by a crooked Sorcerer 's who lived in the mountains of the North Country.
A Wicked Witch named Mombi got some of a Magic Powder from a crooked Sorcerer 's who lived in the mountains of the North Country's and took some of this powder home with A Wicked Witch named Mombi.
Royal Ozma lived with A Wicked Witch named Mombi then, for it was before Royal Ozma became our Princess, while A Wicked Witch named Mombi had transformed Royal Ozma into the shape of a boy.
Well, while A Wicked Witch named Mombi was gone to a crooked Sorcerer 's who lived in the mountains of the North Country's, a boy made this pumpkin-headed man to amuse a boy, and also with the hope of frightening A Wicked Witch named Mombi with a Magic Powder when A Wicked Witch named Mombi returned.
But Mombi was not scared, and Mombi sprinkled the Pumpkinhead with Mombi's Magic Powder of Life, to see if her Magic Powder of Life would work.
Royal Ozma was watching, and saw the Pumpkinhead come to life; so that night Mombi took the pepper-box containing her Magic Powder of Life and ran away with the pepper-box containing the Powder and with the Pumpkinhead, in search of adventures.
"Next day they found a wooden Saw-Horse standing by the roadside, and sprinkled a wooden Saw-Horse standing by the roadside with her Magic Powder of Life.
a wooden Saw-Horse standing by the roadside came to life at once, and the Pumpkinhead rode a wooden Saw-Horse standing by the roadside to the Emerald City."
"What became of a wooden Saw-Horse standing by the roadside, afterward?" asked the shaggy man, much interested in this story.
"Oh, it is alive yet, and you will probably meet it presently in the Emerald City.
Afterward, Royal Ozma used the last of the Powder to bring the Flying Gump to life; but as soon as the Flying Gump had carried Royal Ozma away from Royal Ozma's enemies the Flying Gump was taken apart, so the Flying Gump does not exist any more."
"It is too bad the Powder was all used up," remarked the shaggy man; "the Powder would be a handy thing to have around."
"I am not so sure of that, the shaggy man," answered I. "A while ago the crooked Sorcerer 's who invented the Powder fell down a precipice and was killed.
All his possessions went to a relative--an old woman named Dyna, who lives in the Emerald City.
a relative--an old woman named Dyna, who lives in the Emerald City went to the mountains where his's had lived and brought away everything a relative--an old woman named Dyna, who lives in the Emerald City thought of value.
Among everything she thought of value was a small bottle of the Powder of Life; but of course a relative--an old woman named Dyna, who lives in the Emerald City did not know the Powder of Life was a Magic Powder, at all.
It happened a relative--an old woman named Dyna, who lives in the Emerald City had once had a big blue bear for a pet; but a big blue bear choked to death on a fishbone one day, and a relative--an old woman named Dyna, who lives in the Emerald City loved a big blue bear so dearly that a relative--an old woman named Dyna, who lives in the Emerald City made a rug of a big blue bear's skin, leaving the head and four paws on the hide.
a relative--an old woman named Dyna, who lives in the Emerald City kept a rug on the floor of a relative--an old woman named Dyna, who lives in the Emerald City's front parlor."
"I have seen rugs like that," said I, nodding, "but never one made from a blue bear."
"Well," continued the Emperor of the Winkies, "the old woman had an idea that the Powder in the bottle must be moth-powder, because the Powder in the bottle smelled something like moth-powder; so one day the old woman sprinkled the Powder in the bottle on the old woman's bear rug to keep the moths out of her bear rug.
the old woman said, looking lovingly at the skin: 'the old woman wish the old woman's dear bear were alive again!'
To the old woman's horror, her bear rug at once came to life, having been sprinkled with the Powder in the bottle; and now her bear rug is a great trial to the old woman, and makes the old woman a lot of trouble."
"Why?" asked I.
"Well, it stands up on it's four feet and walks all around, and gets in the way; and that spoils it for a rug.
it cannot speak, although it is alive; for, while it's head might say words, it has no breath in a solid body to push words out of it's mouth.
It is a very slimpsy affair altogether, it, and the old woman is sorry it came to life.
Every day the old woman has to scold it, and make it lie down flat on the parlor floor to be walked upon; but sometimes when the old woman goes to market it will hump up it's back skin, and stand on it's four feet, and trot along after the old woman."
"I should think Dyna would like that," said I.
"Well, she does not; because every one knows it is not a real bear, but just a hollow skin, and so of no actual use in the world except for a rug," answered the Emperor of the Winkies.
"Therefore the Emperor of the Winkies believe it is a good thing that all the Magic Powder of Life is now used up, as all the Magic Powder of Life can not because any more trouble."
"Perhaps the Emperor of the Winkies are right," said the shaggy man, thoughtfully.
At noon they stopped at a farmhouse, where it delighted the farmer and the farmer's wife to be able to give they a good luncheon.
The farm people knew Dorothy the Lamb, having seen Dorothy the Lamb when Dorothy the Lamb was in the country before, and The farm people treated Dorothy the Lamb with as much respect as The farm people did the Emperor of the Winkies, because Dorothy the Lamb was a friend of the powerful Princess Royal Ozma.
They had not proceeded far after leaving this farm-house before coming to a high bridge over a broad river.
a broad river, the Tin Woodman informed They, was the boundary between the Country of the Winkies and the territory of the Emerald City.
the Emerald City was still a long way off, but all around the Emerald City was a green meadow as pretty as a well-kept lawn, and in a green meadow as pretty as a well-kept lawn were neither houses nor farms to spoil the beauty of the scene.
From the top of a high bridge over a broad river They could see far away the magnificent spires and splendid domes of the Emerald City, sparkling like brilliant jewels as the magnificent spires and splendid domes of the superb city towered above the emerald walls.
The shaggy man drew a deep breath of awe and amazement, for never had The shaggy man dreamed that such a grand and beautiful place could exist--even in the fairyland of Oz.
Polly the Rainbow was so pleased that Polly the Rainbow's violet eyes sparkled like amethysts, and Polly the Rainbow danced away from Polly the Rainbow's companions across the bridge and into a group of feathery trees lining both the roadsides.
a group of feathery trees lining both the roadsides Polly the Rainbow stopped to look at with pleasure and surprise, for a group of feathery trees lining both the roadsides's leaves were shaped like ostrich plumes, their leaves's feather edges beautifully curled; and all the plumes were tinted in the same dainty rainbow hues that appeared in Polly the Rainbow's own pretty gauze gown.
"Father ought to see a group of feathery trees lining both the roadsides," Polly the Rainbow murmured; "a group of feathery trees lining both the roadsides are almost as lovely as Father's own rainbows."
Then Polly the Rainbow gave a start of terror, for beneath a group of feathery trees lining both the roadsides came stalking two great beasts, either one big enough to crush Polly the Rainbow with one blow of his paws, or to eat Polly the Rainbow up with one snap of his's enormous jaws.
One was a tawny lion, as tall as a horse, nearly; the other a striped tiger almost the same size.
Polly the Rainbow was too frightened to scream or to stir; Polly the Rainbow stood still with a wildly beating heart until Dorothy the Lamb rushed past Polly the Rainbow and with a glad cry threw Dorothy the Lamb's arms around the huge lion's neck, hugging and kissing the huge lion's with evident joy.
"Oh, Dorothy the Lamb am SO glad to see you again!"
cried Dorothy the Lamb.
"And the huge lion's, too!
How fine you are both looking.
Are you well and happy?"  "you certainly are, Dorothy the Lamb," answered the Cowardly Lion, in a deep voice that sounded pleasant and kind; "and you are greatly pleased that Dorothy the Lamb have come to Royal Ozma's party.
Royal Ozma's party is going to be a grand affair, the Cowardly Lion promise Dorothy the Lamb."
"There will be lots of fat babies at Royal Ozma's party, the Cowardly Lion hear," remarked the Cowardly Lion, yawning so that the Cowardly Lion's mouth opened dreadfully wide and showed all the Cowardly Lion's big, sharp teeth; "but of course the Cowardly Lion cannot eat any of lots of fat babies."
"Is the Cowardly Lion's Conscience still in good order?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, anxiously.
"Yes; your Conscience rules the Cowardly Lion like a tyrant," answered the Cowardly Lion, sorrowfully.
"I can imagine nothing more unpleasant than to own a Conscience," and I winked slyly at I's friend the Lion.
"I are fooling me!" said me, with a laugh.
"me do not b'lieve I would eat a baby if I lost I's Conscience.
Come here, Polly the Rainbow the Rainbow," me called, "and be introduced to me's friends."  
Polly the Rainbow the Rainbow advanced rather shyly.
"me have some queer friends, me," Polly the Rainbow the Rainbow said.
"The queerness does not matter so long as they are friends," was the answer.
"This is the Cowardly Lion, who is not a coward at all, but just thinks This is.
The Wizard of Oz gave This some courage once, and This has part of some courage left."
This bowed with great dignity to Polly the Rainbow.
"the Rainbow are very lovely, the Rainbow," said This.
"I hope we shall be friends when we are better acquainted."
"And this is the Hungry Tiger," continued Dorothy the Lamb.
"this says this longs to eat fat babies; but the truth is this is never hungry at all, because this gets plenty to eat; and Dorothy the Lamb do not s'pose this would hurt anybody even if this WAS hungry."
"Hush, Dorothy the Lamb," whispered this; "Dorothy the Lamb will ruin this's reputation if Dorothy the Lamb are not more discreet.
It is not what we are, but what folks think we are, that counts in this world.
And come to think of it Miss Polly would make a fine variegated breakfast, I am sure."
The others now came up, and the Emperor of the Winkies greeted the Lion and the Tiger cordially.
Button-Bright yelled with fear when Dorothy the Lamb first took Button-Bright's hand and led Button-Bright toward the Lion and the Tiger; but Dorothy the Lamb insisted the Lion and the Tiger were kind and good, and so Button-Bright mustered up courage enough to pat the Lion and the Tiger's heads; after the Lion and the Tiger had spoken to Button-Bright gently and Button-Bright had looked into the Lion and the Tiger's intelligent eyes Button-Bright's fear vanished entirely and Button-Bright was so delighted with the Lion and the Tiger that Button-Bright wanted to keep close to the Lion and the Tiger and stroke the Lion and the Tiger's soft fur every minute.
As for the shaggy man, the shaggy man might have been afraid if the shaggy man had met the Lion and the Tiger alone, or in any other country, but so many were the marvels in; the Land of Oz that the shaggy man was no longer easily surprised, and Dorothy the Lamb's friendship for the Lion and the Tiger was enough to assure the shaggy man the Lion and the Tiger were safe companions.
Toto barked at the Lion in joyous greeting, for Toto knew the Lion and loved the Lion, and it was funny to see how gently the Lion raised the Lion's huge paw to pat Toto's head.
The little dog smelled of the Hungry Hungry Tiger's nose, and the Hungry Hungry Tiger's politely shook paws with The little dog; so they were quite likely to become firm friends.
Tik-tok and Billina knew the beasts well, so merely bade the beasts good day and asked after the beasts's healths and inquired about the Princess Royal Ozma.
Now it was seen that the beasts were drawing behind the beasts a splendid golden chariot, to which the beasts were harnessed by golden cords.
The body of a splendid golden chariot, to which they were harnessed by golden cords was decorated on the outside with designs in clusters of sparkling emeralds, while inside a splendid golden chariot, to which they were harnessed by golden cords was lined with a green and gold satin, and the cushions of the seats were of green plush embroidered in gold with a crown, underneath which was a monogram.
"Why, a splendid golden chariot, to which they were harnessed by golden cords is the Princess Royal Ozma's own royal chariot!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"Yes," said the Cowardly Lion; "Royal Ozma sent us to meet Dorothy the Lamb here, for Royal Ozma feared Dorothy the Lamb would be weary with Dorothy the Lamb's long walk and Royal Ozma wished Dorothy the Lamb to enter the City in a style becoming Dorothy the Lamb's exalted rank."  
"What!" cried Polly the Rainbow, looking at Dorothy the Lamb curiously.
"Do Dorothy the Lamb belong to the nobility?"
"Just in Oz Dorothy the Lamb do," said Dorothy the Lamb, "because Royal Ozma made Dorothy the Lamb a Princess, you know.
But when Dorothy the Lamb am home in Kansas Dorothy the Lamb am only a country girl, and have to help with the churning and wipe the dishes while Aunt Them washes the dishes.
Do you have to help wash dishes on the rainbow, you?"
"No, dear," answered you, smiling.
"Well, I do not have to work any in Oz, either," said I. "It is kind of fun to be a Princess once in a while; do not I think so?"  
"I and you and Button-Bright are all to ride in the chariot," said the Lion.
"So get in, the Lion's dears, and be careful not to mar the gold or put my dears's dusty feet on the embroidery."
Button-Bright was delighted to ride behind such a superb team, and Button-Bright told Dorothy the Lamb ride made Button-Bright feel like an actor in a circus.
As the strides of the animals brought the animals nearer to the Emerald City every one bowed respectfully to the children, as well as to the Emperor of the Winkies, Tik-tok, and the shaggy man, who were following behind.
The Yellow Hen had perched upon the back of the chariot, where The Yellow Hen could tell Dorothy the Lamb more about The Yellow Hen's wonderful chickens as the animals rode.
And so the chariot came finally to the high wall surrounding the Emerald City, and paused before the magnificent jewel-studded gates.
the magnificent jewel-studded gates were opened by a cheerful-looking little man who wore green spectacles over a cheerful-looking little man who wore green spectacles over his eyes's eyes.
Dorothy the Lamb introduced him to Dorothy the Lamb's friends as the Guardian of the Gates, and her friends noticed a big bunch of keys suspended on the golden chain that hung around him's neck.
The chariot passed through the outer gates into a fine arched chamber built in the thick wall, and through the inner gates into the streets of the Emerald City.
Polly the Rainbow exclaimed in rapture at the wondrous beauty that met Polly the Rainbow's eyes on every side as The chariot rode through the Emerald City.
Button-Bright could only say "My!"
so amazing was the sight; but Button-Bright's eyes were wide open and Button-Bright tried to look in every direction at the same time, so as not to miss anything.
The shaggy man was fairly astounded at what The shaggy man saw, for the graceful and handsome buildings were covered with plates of gold and set with emeralds so splendid and valuable that in any other part of the world any one of them would have been worth a fortune to any one of them's owner.
The sidewalks were superb marble slabs polished as smooth as glass, and the curbs that separated the walks from the broad street were also set thick with clustered emeralds.
There were many people on the walks--men, women and children--all dressed in handsome garments of silk or satin or velvet, with beautiful jewels.
Better even than this: many people on these walks--men, women and children--all dressed in handsome garments of silk or satin or velvet, with beautiful jewels seemed happy and contented, for many people on these walks--men, women and children--all dressed in handsome garments of silk or satin or velvet, with beautiful jewels's faces were smiling and free from care, and music and laughter might be heard on every side.
"Do not many people on these walks--men, women and children--all dressed in handsome garments of silk or satin or velvet, with beautiful jewels work at all?" asked The shaggy man.
"To be sure they work," replied the Tin Woodman; "this fair city could not be built or cared for without labor, nor could the fruit and vegetables and other food be provided for the inhabitants to eat.
But no one works more than half his time, and the people of this fair city enjoy the people of Oz's labors as much as the people of Oz do the people of Oz's play."
"It is wonderful!"
declared the shaggy man.
"the shaggy man do hope Royal Ozma will let the shaggy man live here."
The chariot, winding through many charming streets, paused before a building so vast and noble and elegant that even Button-Bright guessed at once that a building so vast and noble and elegant that even Button-Bright guessed at once that it was the Royal Palace was the Royal Palace.
a building so vast and noble and elegant that even Button-Bright guessed at once that it was the Royal Palace's gardens and ample grounds were surrounded by a separate wall, not so high or thick as the wall around the City, but more daintily designed and built all of green marble.
The gates flew open as The chariot appeared before them, and them trotted up a jeweled driveway to the front door of a building so vast and noble and elegant that even Button-Bright guessed at once that it was the Royal Palace and stopped short.
"Here them are!" said Dorothy the Lamb, gaily, and helped even Button-Bright from The chariot.
Polly the Rainbow leaped out lightly after them, and them were greeted by a crowd of gorgeously dressed servants who bowed low as them mounted the marble steps.
At their head was a pretty little maid with dark hair and eyes, dressed all in green embroidered with silver.
Dorothy the Lamb ran up to a pretty little maid with dark hair and eyes, dressed all in green embroidered with silver with evident pleasure, and exclaimed:  "O, a pretty little maid with dark hair and eyes, dressed all in green embroidered with silver!
Dorothy the Lamb am so glad to see a pretty little maid with dark hair and eyes, dressed all in green embroidered with silver again.
Where is Royal Royal Ozma?"  "In Royal Royal Ozma's room, Dorothy the Lamb," replied a pretty little maid with dark hair and eyes, dressed all in green embroidered with silver demurely, for a pretty little maid with dark hair and eyes, dressed all in green embroidered with silver was Royal Royal Ozma's favorite attendant.
"Royal Royal Ozma wishes Dorothy the Lamb to come to Royal Royal Ozma as soon as Dorothy the Lamb have rested and changed Dorothy the Lamb's dress, Dorothy the Lamb.
And you and you's friends are to dine with her this evening."
"When is her's birthday, Jellia Jamb?" asked you.
"Day after to-morrow, you."
"And where is the Scarecrow of Oz?"  "the Scarecrow of Oz is gone into the Munchkin country to get some fresh straw to stuff the Scarecrow of Oz with, in honor of Royal Ozma's celebration," replied Jellia Jamb.
"the Scarecrow of Oz returns to the Emerald City to-morrow, the Scarecrow of Oz said."
By this time, Tok-tok, the Emperor of the Winkies, and the shaggy man had arrived and the chariot had gone around to the back of the palace, Billina going with the Cowardly Lion and Hungry Tiger to see Billina's chickens after Billina's absence from the Cowardly Lion and Hungry Tiger.
But Toto stayed close beside Dorothy the Lamb.
"Come in, please," said Jellia Jamb; "it shall be our pleasant duty to escort all of you to the rooms prepared for all of you's use."
the shaggy man hesitated.
Dorothy the Lamb had never known the shaggy man to be ashamed of the shaggy man's shaggy looks before, but now that the shaggy man was surrounded by so much magnificence and splendor the shaggy man felt sadly out of place.
Dorothy the Lamb assured him that all Dorothy the Lamb's friends were welcome at Ozma's palace, so him carefully dusted him's shaggy shoes with him's shaggy handkerchief and entered the grand hall after all her friends.
Tik-tok lived at the Royal Palace and the Emperor of the Winkies always had the same room whenever the Emperor of the Winkies visited Ozma's, so these two went at once to remove the dust of the journey from these two's shining bodies.
Dorothy the Lamb also had a pretty suite of rooms which Dorothy the Lamb always occupied when in the Emerald City; but several servants walked ahead politely to show the way, although Dorothy the Lamb was quite sure Dorothy the Lamb could find a pretty suite of rooms which she always occupied when in the Emerald City Dorothy the Lamb.
Dorothy the Lamb took Button-Bright with Dorothy the Lamb, because Button-Bright seemed too small to be left alone in such a big palace; but Jellia Jamb Jellia Jamb herself ushered Dorothy the Lamb to Dorothy the Lamb's apartments, because it was easy to see that Dorothy the Lamb was used to splendid palaces and was therefore entitled to especial attention.
him stood in the grand hall, him's shaggy hat in him's hands, wondering what would become of him.
He had never been a guest in a fine palace before; perhaps He had never been a guest anywhere.
In the big, cold, outside world people did not invite shaggy men to people's homes, and He had slept more in hay-lofts and stables than in comfortable rooms.
When the others left the great hall He eyed the splendidly dressed servants of the Princess Royal Ozma as if He expected to be ordered out; but one of the splendidly dressed servants of the Princess Royal Ozma bowed before He as respectfully as if one of them had been a prince, and said:  "Permit one of them, He, to conduct He to He's apartments."
He drew a long breath and took courage.
"Very well," He answered.
"I am ready."
Through the big hall they went, up the grand staircase carpeted thick with velvet, and so along a wide corridor to a carved doorway.
Here the servant paused, and opening a carved doorway said with polite deference:  "Be good enough to enter, I, and make I at home in the rooms our Royal Ozma has ordered prepared for I.
Whatever I see is for I to use and enjoy, as if I's own.
our Royal Ozma dines at seven, and the servant shall be here in time to lead I to the drawing-room, where I will be privileged to meet our Royal Ozmaour Royal Ozma.
Is there any command, in the meantime, with which you desire to honor you?"
"No," said you; "but you am much obliged."
you entered the room and shut the door, and for a time stood in bewilderment, admiring the grandeur before you.
you had been given one of the handsomest apartments in the most magnificent palace in the world, and you can not wonder that you's good fortune astonished and awed you until you grew used to you's surroundings.
The furniture was upholstered in cloth of gold, with the royal crown embroidered upon The furniture in scarlet.
The rug upon the marble floor was so thick and soft that he could not hear the sound of he's own footsteps, and upon the walls were splendid tapestries woven with scenes from the Land of Oz.
Books and ornaments were scattered about in profusion, and he thought he had never seen so many pretty things in one place before.
In one corner played a tinkling fountain of perfumed water, and in another was a table bearing a golden tray loaded with freshly gathered fruit, including several of the red-cheeked apples that he loved.
At the farther end of this charming room was an open doorway, and he crossed over to find he in a bedroom containing more comforts than he had ever before imagined.
The bedstead was of gold and set with many brilliant diamonds, and the coverlet had designs of pearls and rubies sewed upon the coverlet.
At one side of the bedroom was a dainty dressing-room with closets containing a large assortment of fresh clothing; and beyond a dainty dressing-room with closets containing a large assortment of fresh clothing was the bath--a large room having a marble pool big enough to swim in, with white marble steps leading down to a marble pool big enough to swim in, with white marble steps leading down to the water.
Around the edge of a marble pool big enough to swim in were set rows of fine emeralds as large as door-knobs, while the water of the bath--a large room having a marble pool big enough to swim in, with white marble steps leading down to the water was clear as crystal.
For a time the shaggy man gazed upon all this luxury with silent amazement.
Then the shaggy man decided, being wise in the shaggy man's way, to take advantage of the shaggy man's good fortune.
the shaggy man removed the shaggy man's shaggy boots and the shaggy man's shaggy clothing, and bathed in a marble pool big enough to swim in with rare enjoyment.
After he had dried he with the soft towels he went into the dressing-room and took fresh linen from the drawers and put fresh linen on, finding that everything fitted he exactly.
he examined the contents of the closets and selected an elegant suit of clothing.
Strangely enough, everything about an elegant suit of clothing was shaggy, although so new and beautiful, and he sighed with contentment to realize that he could now be finely dressed and still be the shaggy man.
he's coat was of rose-colored velvet, trimmed with shags and bobtails, with buttons of blood-red rubies and golden shags around the edges.
he's vest was a shaggy satin of a delicate cream color, and he's knee-breeches of rose velvet trimmed like His coat.
Shaggy creamy stockings of silk, and shaggy slippers of rose leather with ruby buckles, completed his costume, and when his was thus attired his looked at his in a long mirror with great admiration.
On a table his found a mother-of-pearl chest decorated with delicate silver vines and flowers of clustered rubies, and on the cover was a silver plate engraved with these words:    his:   a mother-of-pearl chest decorated with delicate silver vines and flowers of clustered rubies a mother-of-pearl chest decorated with delicate silver vines and flowers of clustered rubies was not locked, so his opened a mother-of-pearl chest decorated with delicate silver vines and flowers of clustered rubies and was almost dazzled by the brilliance of the rich jewels a mother-of-pearl chest decorated with delicate silver vines and flowers of clustered rubies contained.
After admiring the pretty things, his took out a fine golden watch with a big chain, several handsome finger-rings, and an ornament of rubies to pin upon the breast of his's shaggy shirt-bosom.
Having carefully brushed his's hair and whiskers all the wrong way to make his hair and whiskers look as shaggy as possible, his breathed a deep sigh of joy and decided his was ready to meet the Royal Princess as soon as the Royal Princess sent for his.
While he waited he returned to the beautiful sitting room and ate several of the red-cheeked apples to pass away the time.
Meanwhile, Dorothy the Lamb had dressed Dorothy the Lamb in a pretty gown of soft grey embroidered with silver, and put a blue-and-gold suit of satin upon little Button-Bright, who looked as sweet as a cherub in a blue-and-gold suit of satin.
Followed by he and Toto--the dog with a new green ribbon around Toto--the dog with a new green ribbon around his neck's neck--Dorothy the Lamb hastened down to the splendid drawing-room of the palace, where, seated upon an exquisite throne of carved malachite and nestled amongst an exquisite throne of carved malachite's green satin cushions was the lovely Princess Royal Ozma, waiting eagerly to welcome little Button-Bright, who looked as sweet as a cherub in it.
The royal historians of Oz, who are fine writers and know any number of big words, have often tried to describe the rare beauty of the lovely Princess Royal Ozma and failed because the words were not good enough.
So of course I cannot hope to tell you how great was the charm of the lovely Princess Royal Ozma, or how the lovely Princess Royal Ozma's loveliness put to shame all the sparkling jewels and magnificent luxury that surrounded the lovely Princess Royal Ozma in the palace.
Whatever else was beautiful or dainty or delightful of itself faded to dullness when contrasted with Royal Ozma's bewitching face, and it has often been said by those who know that no other ruler in all the world can ever hope to equal the gracious charm of Royal Ozma's's manner.
Everything about Royal Ozma's attracted one, and Royal Ozma's inspired love and the sweetest affection rather than awe or ordinary admiration.
Dorothy the Lamb threw Dorothy the Lamb's arms around Dorothy the Lamb's and hugged and kissed Royal Ozma's rapturously, and Toto barked joyfully and Button-Bright smiled a happy smile and consented to sit on the soft cushions close beside Royal Ozma's.
"Why did not Royal Ozma's send me word Royal Ozma's were going to have a birthday party?" asked me, when the first greetings were over.
"Did not Royal Ozma's?" asked Royal Ozma's, Royal Ozma's's pretty eyes dancing with merriment.
"Did you?" replied Dorothy the Lamb, trying to think.
"Who do Dorothy the Lamb imagine, Dorothy the Lamb, mixed up those roads, so as to start Dorothy the Lamb wandering in the direction of Oz?" inquired the Princess.
"Oh!  Dorothy the Lamb never 'spected the Princess of that," cried Dorothy the Lamb.
"the Princess have watched Dorothy the Lamb in the Princess's Magic Picture all the way here," declared the Princess, "and twice the Princess thought the Princess should have to use the Magic Belt to save Dorothy the Lamb and transport Dorothy the Lamb to Oz.
Once was when the Scoodlers caught Dorothy the Lamb, and again when Dorothy the Lamb reached the Deadly Desert.
But the shaggy man was able to help you out both times, so I did not interfere."
"Do I know who Button-Bright is?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"No; I never saw Button-Bright until you found Button-Bright in the road, and then only in I's Magic Picture."
"And did I send Polly the Rainbow to us?"
"No, dear; Polly the Rainbow's Daughter slid from the Rainbow's Daughter's father's pretty arch just in time to meet you."
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb, "Dorothy the Lamb have promised King King Renard the Fourth of Foxville and King Kik-a-bray of Dunkiton that Dorothy the Lamb would ask you to invite King King Renard the Fourth of Foxville and King Kik-a-bray of Dunkiton to you's party."
"you have already done invite," returned you, "because you thought it would please Dorothy the Lamb to favor King King Renard the Fourth of Foxville and King Kik-a-bray of Dunkiton."
"Did you 'vite the Allegro da Capo?" asked Button-Bright.
"No; because the Allegro da Capo would be too noisy, and might interfere with the comfort of others.
When music is not very good, and is indulged in all the time, it is better that the performer should be alone," said you.
"I like the Allegro da Capo's music," declared I, gravely.
"But I do not," said I.
"
Well, there will be plenty of music at my celebration," promised my; "so my have an idea Button-Bright will not miss the Musicker at all."
Just then Polly the Rainbow danced in, and my rose to greet Polly the Rainbow's in my's sweetest and most cordial manner.
I thought I had never seen two prettier creatures together than these lovely maidens; but Polly the Rainbow knew at once Polly the Rainbow's own dainty beauty could not match that of my, yet was not a bit jealous because match was so.
The Wizard of Oz was announced, and a dried-up, little, old man, clothed all in black, entered the drawing-room.
The Wizard of Oz's face was cheery and The Wizard of Oz's eyes twinkling with humor, so Polly the Rainbow and Button-Bright were not at all afraid of The Wizard of Oz.
After greeting Dorothy the Lamb with much affection, The Wizard of Oz stood modestly behind Royal Ozma's throne and listened to the lively prattle of the young people.
Now The Wizard of Oz appeared, and so startling was The Wizard of Oz's appearance, all clad in shaggy new raiment, that Dorothy the Lamb cried "Oh!" and clasped Dorothy the Lamb's hands impulsively as Dorothy the Lamb examined Dorothy the Lamb's with pleased eyes.
"The Wizard of Oz is still shaggy, all right," remarked Button-Bright; and Royal Ozma's nodded brightly because Royal Ozma's had meant The Wizard of Oz to remain shaggy when Royal Ozma's provided The Wizard of Oz's new clothes for The Wizard of Oz.
Dorothy the Lamb led him toward the throne, as him was shy in such fine company, and presented him gracefully to the Princess, saying:  "him, the Princess, is Dorothy the Lamb's ."
"him are welcome to Oz," said the Princess, in gracious accents.
"But tell the Princess, him, where did him get the Love Magnet?"
him grew red and looked downcast, as him answered in a low voice:  "him stole the Love Magnet, the Princess."
"Oh, him!" cried Dorothy the Lamb.
"How dreadful!
And you told me the Eskimo gave you the Love Magnet."
you shuffled first on one foot and then on the other, much embarrassed.
"you told me a falsehood, me," you said; "but now, having bathed in the Truth Pond, you must tell nothing but the truth."
"Why did you steal the Love Magnet?" asked Royal Ozma, gently.
"Because no one loved me, or cared for me," said me, "and me wanted to be loved a great deal.
It was owned by a girl in Butterfield who was loved too much, so that the young men quarreled over a girl in Butterfield who was loved too much, which made a girl in Butterfield who was loved too much's unhappy.
After me had stolen It from a girl in Butterfield who was loved too much, only one young man continued to love a girl in Butterfield who was loved too much, and a girl in Butterfield who was loved too much married only one young man and regained a girl in Butterfield who was loved too much's happiness."
"Are me sorry me stole It?" asked the Princess.
"No, the Princess; me am glad," me answered; "for it has pleased me to be loved, and if Dorothy the Lamb had not cared for me me could not have accompanied Dorothy the Lamb to this beautiful Land of Oz, or met this beautiful Land of Oz's kind-hearted Ruler.
Now that I am here, I hope to remain, and to become one of your Majesty's most faithful subjects."
"But in Oz we are loved for we alone, and for we's kindness to one another, and for we's good deeds," she said.
"I will give up the Love Magnet," said I, eagerly; "Dorothy the Lamb shall have the Love Magnet."
"But every one loves Dorothy the Lamb already," declared the Wizard of Oz.
"Then Button-Bright shall have Dorothy the Lamb."
"Do not want it," said the boy, promptly.
"Then the boy will give it to the Wizard of Oz, for the boy am sure the lovely Princess Royal Ozma does not need it."
"All the lovely Princess Royal Ozma's people love the Wizard of OzOz, too," announced the lovely Princess Royal Ozma, laughing; "so we will hang the Love Magnet over the gates of the Emerald City, that whoever shall enter or leave the gates of the Emerald City may be loved and loving."
"hang is a good idea," said the boy; "the boy agree to hang most willingly."
Those assembled now went in to dinner, which you can imagine was a grand affair; and afterward the lovely Princess Royal Ozma asked the Wizard of Oz Oz to give Those assembled an exhibition of the Wizard of Oz's magic.
The Wizard of Oz took eight tiny white piglets from an inside pocket and set eight tiny white piglets on the table.
One was dressed like a clown, and performed funny antics, and the others leaped over the spoons and dishes and ran around the table like race-horses, and turned hand-springs and were so sprightly and amusing that the others kept the company in one roar of merry laughter.
The Wizard of Oz had trained eight tiny white piglets to do many curious things, and eight tiny white piglets were so little and so cunning and soft that Polly the Rainbow loved to pick eight tiny white piglets up as eight tiny white piglets passed near Polly the Rainbow's place and fondle eight tiny white piglets as if eight tiny white piglets were kittens.
It was late when the entertainment ended, and the company separated to go to the company's rooms.
"To-morrow," said Royal Ozma, "Royal Ozma's invited guests will arrive, and you will find among my invited guests some interesting and curious people, Royal Ozma promise you.
The next day will be my birthday, and the festivities will be held on the broad green just outside the gates of the City, where all my's people can assemble without being crowded."
"I hope the Scarecrow of Oz will not be late," said I, anxiously.
"Oh, the Scarecrow of Oz is sure to return to-morrow," answered Royal Ozma.
"the Scarecrow of Oz wanted new straw to stuff the Scarecrow of Oz with, so the Scarecrow of Oz went to the Munchkin Country, where straw is plentiful."
With this I bade I's guests good night and went to I's own room.
Next morning Dorothy the Lamb's breakfast was served in Dorothy the Lamb's's own pretty sitting room, and Dorothy the Lamb's sent to invite Polly the Rainbow and the shaggy man to join Dorothy the Lamb's and Button-Bright at Dorothy the Lamb's breakfast.
Polly the Rainbow and the shaggy man came gladly, and Toto also had breakfast with Polly the Rainbow and the shaggy man, so that the little party that had traveled together to Oz was once more reunited.
No sooner had her and Button-Bright finished eating than her and Button-Bright heard the distant blast of many trumpets, and the sound of a brass band playing martial music; so her and Button-Bright went out upon the balcony.
the balcony was at the front of the palace and overlooked the streets of the City, being higher than the wall that shut in the palace grounds.
her and Button-Bright saw approaching down the street a band of musicians, playing as hard and loud as a band of musicians could, while the people of the City crowded the sidewalks and cheered so lustily that the people of the Emerald City almost drowned the noise of the drums and horns.
Dorothy the Lamb looked to see what they were cheering at, and discovered that behind the band was the famous Scarecrow of Oz, riding proudly upon the back of a wooden Saw-Horse which pranced along the street almost as gracefully as if a wooden Saw-Horse which pranced along the street almost as gracefully as if it had been made of flesh had been made of flesh.
a wooden Saw-Horse which pranced along the street almost as gracefully as if it had been made of flesh's hoofs, or rather the ends of a wooden Saw-Horse which pranced along the street almost as gracefully as if it had been made of flesh's wooden legs, were shod with plates of solid gold, and the saddle strapped to the wooden body was richly embroidered and glistened with jewels.
As the famous Scarecrow of Oz reached the famous Scarecrow of Oz the famous Scarecrow of Oz looked up and saw Dorothy the Lamb, and at once waved the famous Scarecrow of Oz's peaked hat at Dorothy the Lamb in greeting.
the famous Scarecrow of Oz rode up to the front door and dismounted, and the band stopped playing and went away and the crowds of people returned to the crowds of people's dwellings.
By the time Dorothy the Lamb and Dorothy the Lamb's friends had re-entered Dorothy the Lamb's room, the famous Scarecrow of Oz Oz was there, and the famous Scarecrow of Oz gave Dorothy the Lamb a hearty embrace and shook the hands of the others with the famous Scarecrow of Oz's own squashy hands, which were white gloves filled with straw.
The shaggy man, Button-Bright, and Polly the Rainbow stared hard at this celebrated person, who was acknowledged to be the most popular and most beloved man in all the Land of Oz.
"Why, this celebrated person, who was acknowledged to be the most popular and most beloved man in all the Land of Oz's face has been newly painted!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, when the first greetings were over.
"this celebrated person, who was acknowledged to be the most popular and most beloved man in all the Land of Oz had your face touched up a bit by the Munchkin farmer who first made this celebrated person, who was acknowledged to be the most popular and most beloved man in all the Land of Oz," answered this celebrated person, who was acknowledged to be the most popular and most beloved man in all the Land of OzOz, pleasantly.
"this celebrated person, who was acknowledged to be the most popular and most beloved man in all the Land of Oz's complexion had become a bit grey and faded, you know, and the paint had peeled off one end of this celebrated person, who was acknowledged to be the most popular and most beloved man in all the Land of Oz's mouth, so this celebrated person, who was acknowledged to be the most popular and most beloved man in all the Land of Oz could not talk quite straight.
Now I feel like I again, and I may say without immodesty that I's body is stuffed with the loveliest oat-straw in all Oz."
I pushed against I's chest.
"Hear I crunkle?"
I asked.
"Yes," said Dorothy the Lamb; "I sound fine."
Button-Bright was wonderfully attracted by I, and so was Polly the Rainbow.
The shaggy man treated The shaggy man with great respect, because The shaggy man was so queerly made.
Jellia Jamb now came to say that Royal Ozma wanted Princess Dorothy the Lamb to receive the invited guests in the Throne-Room, as the invited guests arrived.
Royal Ozma was Royal Ozma busy ordering the preparations for the morrow's festivities, so Royal Ozma wished Princess Dorothy the Lamb to act in Royal Ozma's place.
Princess Dorothy the Lamb willingly agreed, being the only other Princess in the Emerald City; so Princess Dorothy the Lamb went to the Throne-Room and sat in Royal Ozma's seat, placing Polly the Rainbow on one side of Princess Dorothy the Lamb and Button-Bright on the other.
The Scarecrow of Oz stood at the left of Royal Ozma's seat and the Emperor of the Winkies at the right, while the Wonderful Wizard and The shaggy man stood behind.
The Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger came in, with bright new bows of ribbon on The Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger's collars and tails.
After greeting Dorothy the Lamb affectionately The Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger lay down at the foot of the throne.
While The Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger waited, the Scarecrow of Oz, who was near the little boy, asked:  "Why are the little boy called Button-Bright?"  "Do not know," was the answer.
"Oh yes, the little boy do, the little boy," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Tell the Scarecrow of Oz, who was near the little boy Oz how the little boy got the little boy's name."
"Papa always said I was bright as a button, so mama always called I Button-Bright," announced I. "Where is mama?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Do not know," said I. "Where is I's home?" asked the Scarecrow of OzOz.
"Do not know," said I.
"Do not you want to find you's mama again?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Do not know," said you, calmly.
the Scarecrow of Oz Oz looked thoughtful.
"you's papa may have been right," the Scarecrow of Oz observed; "but there are many kinds of buttons, you see.
There are silver and gold buttons, which are highly polished and glitter brightly.
There are pearl and rubber buttons, and other kinds, with surfaces more or less bright.
But there is still another sort of button which is covered with dull cloth, and another sort of button which is covered with dull cloth must be the sort your papa meant when your papa said your were bright as a button.
Do not your think so?"  "Do not know," said your.
Jack Pumpkinhead arrived, wearing a pair of new, white kid gloves; and Jack Pumpkinhead brought a birthday present for Royal Ozma consisting of a necklace of pumpkin-seeds.
In each seed was set a sparkling carolite, which is considered the rarest and most beautiful gem that exists.
The necklace was in a plush case and Jellia Jamb put The necklace on a table with the Princess Royal Ozma's other presents.
Next came a tall, beautiful woman clothed in a splendid trailing gown, trimmed with exquisite lace as fine as cobweb.
a tall, beautiful woman clothed in a splendid trailing gown, trimmed with exquisite lace as fine as cobweb was the important Sorceress known as Glinda the Sorceress, who had been of great assistance to both the Princess Royal Ozma's and Dorothy the Lamb.
There was no humbug about a tall, beautiful woman clothed in a splendid trailing gown, trimmed with exquisite lace as fine as cobweb's magic, you may be sure, and a tall, beautiful woman clothed in a splendid trailing gown, trimmed with exquisite lace as fine as cobweb was as kind as a tall, beautiful woman clothed in a splendid trailing gown, trimmed with exquisite lace as fine as cobweb was powerful.
a tall, beautiful woman clothed in a splendid trailing gown, trimmed with exquisite lace as fine as cobweb greeted Dorothy the Lamb most lovingly, and kissed Button-Bright and Polly the Rainbow, and smiled upon the shaggy man, after which Jellia Jamb led a tall, beautiful woman clothed in a splendid trailing gown, trimmed with exquisite lace as fine as cobweb to one of the most magnificent rooms of the royal palace and appointed fifty servants to wait upon a tall, beautiful woman clothed in a splendid trailing gown, trimmed with exquisite lace as fine as cobweb.
The next arrival was Mr. H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T.E.; the "H. M." meaning Highly Magnified and the "T.E." meaning Thoroughly Educated.
Mr. H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T.E. was head professor at the Royal College of Oz, and Mr. H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T.E. had composed a fine Ode in honor of Royal Ozma's birthday.
a fine Ode in honor of Royal Ozma's birthday Mr. H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T.E. wanted to read to them; but the Scarecrow of Oz would not let Mr. H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, T.E..
Soon them heard a clucking sound and a chorus of "cheep!
cheep!"
and a servant threw open the door to allow Billina and Billina's ten fluffy chicks to enter the Throne-Room.
As Billina marched proudly at the head of Billina's family, Dorothy the Lamb cried, "Oh, her ten fluffy chicks!" and ran down from Dorothy the Lamb's seat to pet her ten fluffy chicks.
Billina wore a pearl necklace, and around the neck of each chicken was a tiny gold chain holding a locket with the letter "D" engraved upon the outside.
"Open the lockets, Dorothy the Lamb," said Billina.
Dorothy the Lamb obeyed and found a picture of Dorothy the Lamb in each locket.
"They were named after you, you," continued my, "so my wanted all my's chickens to wear you's picture.
Cluck--cluck!
come here, you--this minute!"
my cried, for all my chickens were scattered and wandering all around the big room.
all my chickens obeyed the call at once, and came running as fast as all my chickens could, fluttering all my chickens's fluffy wings in a laughable way.
It was lucky that Billina gathered the little ones under Billina's soft breast just then, for Tik-tok came in and tramped up to the throne on Tik-tok's flat copper feet.
"Tik-tok am all wound up and work-ing fine-ly," said Tik-tok to Dorothy the Lamb.
"I can hear Tik-tok tick," declared I.
"
I are quite the polished gentleman," said the Emperor of the Winkies.
"Stand up here beside Tik-tok, Tik-tok, and help receive the company."
Dorothy the Lamb placed soft cushions in a corner for Billina and Billina's chicks, and had just returned to the Throne and seated Dorothy the Lamb when the playing of the royal band outside the palace announced the approach of distinguished guests.
And my, how they did stare when the High Chamberlain threw open the doors and distinguished guests entered the Throne-Room!
First walked a gingerbread man neatly formed and baked to a lovely brown tint.
a gingerbread man neatly formed and baked to a lovely brown tint wore a silk hat and carried a candy cane prettily striped with red and yellow.
a gingerbread man neatly formed and baked to a lovely brown tint's shirt-front and cuffs were white frosting, and the buttons on a gingerbread man neatly formed and baked to a lovely brown tint's coat were licorice drops.
Behind the gingerbread man came a child with flaxen hair and merry blue eyes, dressed in white pajamas, with sandals on the soles of a child with flaxen hair and merry blue eyes, dressed in white pajamas, with sandals on the soles of its pretty bare feet's pretty bare feet.
a child with flaxen hair and merry blue eyes, dressed in white pajamas, with sandals on the soles of its pretty bare feet looked around smiling and thrust a child with flaxen hair and merry blue eyes, dressed in white pajamas, with sandals on the soles of its pretty bare feet's hands into the pockets of white pajamas.
Close after a child with flaxen hair and merry blue eyes, dressed in white pajamas, with sandals on the soles of its pretty bare feet came a big rubber bear, walking erect on a big rubber bear's hind feet.
a big rubber bear had twinkling black eyes, and a big rubber bear's body looked as if its body had been pumped full of air.
Following these curious visitors were two tall, thin men and two short, fat men, all four dressed in gorgeous uniforms.
Royal Ozma's High Chamberlain now hurried forward to announce the names of the new arrivals, calling out in a loud voice:  "His Gracious and Most Edible Majesty, Gingerbread Man the First, Ruler of the Two Kingdoms of Hiland and Loland.
Also the Head Boolywag of Royal Ozma's, known as Chick the Cherub, and their faithful friend Rubber Bear, the rubber bear."
the new arrivals bowed low as the names of the new arrivals were called, and Dorothy the Lamb hastened to introduce the new arrivals to the assembled company.
the new arrivals were the first foreign arrivals, and the assembled company were polite to the new arrivals and tried to make the new arrivals feel that the new arrivals were welcome.
the Head Boolywag of his Majesty, known as Chick the Cherub shook hands with every one, including Billina, and was so joyous and frank and full of good spirits that His Gracious and Most Edible Majesty, Gingerbread Man the First, Ruler of the Two Kingdoms of Hiland and Loland's Head Booleywag at once became a prime favorite.
"Is it a boy or a girl?" whispered Dorothy the Lamb.
"Do not know," said Button-Bright.
"Goodness me!
what a queer lot of people you are," exclaimed the rubber bear, looking at you.
"So're you," said Button-Bright, gravely.
"Is King Dough good to eat?"  "King Dough is too good to eat," laughed Chick the Cherub.
"I hope none of you are fond of gingerbread," said I, rather anxiously.
"We should never think of eating We's visitors, if We were," declared the Scarecrow of Oz; "so please do not worry, for our visitors will be perfectly safe while our visitors remain in Oz."
"Why do they call Chick the Cherub Chick?"
the Yellow Hen asked Chick the Cherub.
"Because I am an Incubator Baby, and never had any parents," replied I. "My chicks have a parent, and My am a parent," said My.
"I am glad of have," answered I, "because My chicks will have more fun worrying My than if My chicks were brought up in an Incubator.
The Incubator never worries, you know."
King Gingerbread Man had brought for Royal Ozma's birthday present a lovely gingerbread crown, with rows of small pearls around a lovely gingerbread crown, with rows of small pearls around it and a fine big pearl in each of a lovely gingerbread crown, with rows of small pearls around it's five points.
After this had been received by Dorothy the Lamb with proper thanks and placed on the table with the other presents, the visitors from Hiland and Loland were escorted to the visitors from Hiland and Loland's rooms by the High Chamberlain.
the visitors from Hiland and Loland had no sooner departed than the band before the palace began to play again, announcing more arrivals, and as more arrivals were doubtless from foreign parts the High Chamberlain hurried back to receive more arrivals in the High Chamberlain's most official manner.
First entered a band of Ryls from the Happy Valley, all merry little sprites like fairy elves.
A dozen crooked Knooks followed from the great Forest of Burzee.
A dozen crooked Knooks had long whiskers and pointed caps and curling toes, yet were no taller than Button-Bright's shoulder.
With this group came a man so easy to recognize and so important and dearly beloved throughout the known world, that all present rose to all present's feet and bowed all present's heads in respectful homage, even before the High Chamberlain knelt to announce his name.
"his!"  said the High Chamberlain, in an awed voice.
"Well, well, well!
Glad to see all present--glad to meet all present!" cried his, briskly, as his trotted up the long room.
his was round as an apple, with a fresh rosy face, laughing eyes, and a bushy beard as white as snow.
A red cloak trimmed with beautiful ermine hung from his shoulders and upon his's back was a basket filled with pretty presents for the Princess Royal Ozma.
"Hello, the Princess Royal Ozma; still having adventures?"
his asked in his's jolly way, as his took the Princess Royal Ozma's hand in both his's own.
"How did his know the Princess Royal Ozma's name, his?" the Princess Royal Ozma replied, feeling more shy in the presence of his than the Princess Royal Ozma ever had before in the Princess Royal Ozma's young life.
"Why, do not his see the Princess Royal Ozma every Christmas Eve, when the Princess Royal Ozma are asleep?" his rejoined, pinching the Princess Royal Ozma's blushing cheek.
"Oh, do you?"
"And here is Button-Bright, I declare!I cried I, holding up the boy to kiss the boy.
"What a long way from home the boy are; dear I!"
"Do you know Button-Bright, too?" questioned Dorothy the Lamb, eagerly.
"Indeed you do.
I have visited his home several Christmas Eves."
"And do I know his's father?" asked the girl.
"Certainly, the girl.
Who else do the girl suppose brings his his's Christmas neckties and stockings?" with a sly wink at the Wizard of Oz.
"Then where does his live?
We are just crazy to know, because Button-Bright's lost," she said.
Santa Claus laughed and laid Santa Claus's finger aside of Santa Claus's nose as if thinking what to reply.
Santa Claus leaned over and whispered something in the Wizard of Oz of Oz's ear, at which the Wizard of Oz of Oz's smiled and nodded as if the Wizard of Oz of Oz's understood.
Now Santa Claus spied Polly the Rainbow, and trotted over to where Polly the Rainbow stood.
"Seems to Santa Claus Polly the Rainbow is farther from home than any of you," Santa Claus observed, looking at Polly the Rainbow admiringly.
"I will have to tell I's father where I are, Polly the Rainbow, and send your father to get I." "Please do, I," implored the little maid, beseechingly.
"But just now we must all have a jolly good time at Royal Ozma's party," said the old gentleman, turning to put the old gentleman's presents on the table with the others already there.
"It is not often the old gentleman find time to leave the old gentleman's castle, as I know; but Royal Ozma's invited the old gentleman and the old gentleman just could not help coming to celebrate Royal Ozma's party."
"I am so glad!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"These are Dorothy the Lamb's Ryls," pointing to the little sprites squatting around Dorothy the Lamb.
"my Ryls's business is to paint the colors of the flowers when the flowers bud and bloom; but Dorothy the Lamb brought the merry fellows along to see Oz, and the merry fellows have left the merry fellows's paint-pots behind the merry fellows.
Also Dorothy the Lamb brought these crooked Knooks, whom Dorothy the Lamb love.
Dorothy the Lamb's dears, these crooked Knooks, whom I love are much nicer than these crooked Knooks, whom I love look, for these crooked Knooks, whom I love's duty is to water and care for the young trees of the forest, and these crooked Knooks, whom I love do these crooked Knooks, whom I love's work faithfully and well.
It is hard work, though, and It makes my Knooks crooked and gnarled, like the trees the trees themselves; but my Knooks's hearts are big and kind, as are the hearts of all who do good in our beautiful world."
"I have read of the Ryls and Knooks," said I, looking upon my Knooks with interest.
my turned to talk with the Scarecrow of Oz and the Emperor of the Winkies, and my also said a kind word to the shaggy man, and afterward went away to ride the Saw-Horse around the Emerald City.
"For," said my, "my must see all the grand sights while my am here and have the chance, and Royal Ozma has promised to let my ride the Saw-Horse because my am getting fat and short of breath."
"Where are my's reindeer?" asked Polly the Rainbow.
"I left them at home, for it is too warm for them in this sunny country," I answered.
"them are used to winter weather when them travel."
In a flash I was gone, and the Ryls and Knooks with I; but they could all hear the golden hoofs of the Saw-Horse ringing on the marble pavement outside, as the Saw-Horse pranced away with the Saw-Horse's noble rider.
Presently the band played again, and the High Chamberlain announced:  "Her Gracious Majesty, the Queen of Merryland."
they looked earnestly to discover whom Her Gracious Majesty, the Queen of Merryland might be, and saw advancing up the room Her Gracious Majesty, the Queen of Merryland.
She was almost as big as Button-Bright, and She's cheeks and mouth and eyebrow were prettily painted in delicate colors.
She's blue eyes stared a bit, being of glass, yet the expression upon She's face was quite pleasant and decidedly winning.
With She were four wooden soldiers, two stalking ahead of She with much dignity and two following behind, like a royal bodyguard.
four wooden soldiers were painted in bright colors and carried wooden guns, and after four wooden soldiers came a fat little man who attracted attention at once, although a fat little man who attracted attention at once, although he seemed modest and retiring seemed modest and retiring.
For a fat little man who attracted attention at once, although he seemed modest and retiring was made of candy, and carried a tin sugar-sifter filled with powdered sugar, with which a fat little man who attracted attention at once, although he seemed modest and retiring dusted a fat little man who attracted attention at once, although he seemed modest and retiring frequently so that a fat little man who attracted attention at once, although he seemed modest and retiring would not stick to things if a fat little man who attracted attention at once, although he seemed modest and retiring touched things.
The High Chamberlain had called him "The Candy Man of Merryland," and Dorothy the Lamb saw that one of him's thumbs looked as if one of his thumbs had been bitten off by some one who was fond of candy and could not resist the temptation.
The wax doll Queen spoke prettily to Dorothy the Lamb and the others, and sent The wax doll Queen's loving greetings to Royal Ozma before The wax doll Queen retired to the rooms prepared for The wax doll Queen.
The wax doll Queen had brought a birthday present wrapped in tissue paper and tied with pink and blue ribbons, and one of the wooden soldiers placed a birthday present wrapped in tissue paper and tied with pink and blue ribbons on the table with the other gifts.
But him did not go to the rooms prepared for her, because him said him preferred to stay and talk with the Scarecrow of Oz and Tik-tok and the Wizard of Oz and Emperor of the Winkies, whom him declared the queerest people him had ever met.
Button-Bright was glad him stayed in the Throne Room, because Button-Bright thought him smelled deliciously of wintergreen and maple sugar.
The Braided Man now entered the room, having been fortunate enough to receive an invitation to the Princess Royal Ozma's party.
The Braided Man was from a cave halfway between the Invisible Valley and the Country of the Gargoyles, and The Braided Man's hair and whiskers were so long that The Braided Man was obliged to plait his hair and whiskers into many braids that hung to The Braided Man's feet, and every braid was tied with a bow of colored ribbon.
"The Braided Man have brought the Princess Royal Ozma's a box of flutters for the Princess Royal Ozma's's birthday," said The Braided Man, earnestly; "and The Braided Man hope the Princess Royal Ozma's will like a box of flutters, for a box of flutters are the finest quality The Braided Man have ever made."
"I am sure the Princess Royal Ozma's will be greatly pleased," said I; and the Wizard of Oz introduced The Braided Man to the rest of the company and made The Braided Man sit down in a chair and keep quiet, for, if allowed, The Braided Man would talk continually about a box of flutters.
The band then played a welcome to another set of guests, and into the room swept the Princess Royal Ozma's.
Beside her was young King Evardo, and following them came the entire royal family of five Princesses and four Princes of Ev.
Ev lay just across the Deadly Desert to the North of Oz, and once her and her's people had rescued the Queen of Ev and the Queen of Ev's ten children from the Roquat of the Rocks, who had enslaved the Queen of Ev and her ten children.
Dorothy the Lamb had been present on rescued, so Dorothy the Lamb greeted the entire royal family of five Princesses and four Princes of Ev cordially; and all the visitors were delighted to meet Dorothy the Lamb again.
all the visitors knew Tik-tok and Billina, too, and the Scarecrow of Oz and Emperor of the Winkies, as well as the Lion and Tiger; so there was a joyful reunion, as you may imagine, and it was fully an hour before her and her people retired to the Queen and her train's rooms.
Perhaps the Queen and her train would not have gone then had not the band begun to play to announce new arrivals; but before the Queen and her train left the great Throne-Room young King Evardo added to her's birthday presents a diadem of diamonds set in radium.
The next comer proved to be King Renard the Fourth of Foxville; or King Renard the Fourth, as King Renard the Fourth of Foxville preferred to be called.
King Renard the Fourth of Foxville was magnificently dressed in a new feather costume and wore white kid mittens over King Renard the Fourth of Foxville's paws and a flower in King Renard the Fourth of Foxville's button-hole and had King Renard the Fourth of Foxville's hair parted in the middle.
King Renard the Fourth of Foxville thanked Dorothy the Lamb fervently for getting King Renard the Fourth of Foxville the invitation to come to Oz, which King Renard the Fourth of Foxville all King Renard the Fourth of Foxville's life longed to visit.
King Renard the Fourth of Foxville strutted around rather absurdly as King Renard the Fourth of Foxville was introduced to all the famous people assembled in the Throne-Room, and when King Renard the Fourth of Foxville learned that Dorothy the Lamb was a Princess of Oz, which he all his life longed to visit King Renard the Fourth of Foxville Foxville insisted on kneeling at Dorothy the Lamb's feet and afterward retired backward--a dangerous thing to do, as King Renard the Fourth of Foxville might have stubbed King Renard the Fourth of Foxville's paw and tumbled over.
No sooner was King Renard the Fourth of Foxville gone than the blasts of bugles and clatter of drums and cymbals announced important visitors, and the High Chamberlain assumed the High Chamberlain's most dignified tone as the High Chamberlain threw open the door and said proudly:  "Dorothy the Lamb!
His Serene and Tremendous Majesty, King Bud of Noland.
Her Royal Highness, the Princess Fluff."
That three such high and mighty royal personages should arrive at once was enough to make Dorothy the Lamb and Dorothy the Lamb's companions grow solemn and assume Dorothy the Lamb and her companions's best company manners; but when the exquisite beauty of Queen Queen Zixi of Ix met Dorothy the Lamb and her companions's eyes Dorothy the Lamb and her companions thought Dorothy the Lamb and her companions had never beheld anything so charming.
Dorothy the Lamb decided that Queen Queen Zixi of Ix Ix must be about sixteen years old, but the Wizard of Oz whispered to Dorothy the Lamb that Queen Queen Zixi of Ix had lived thousands of years, but knew the secret of remaining always fresh and beautiful.
His Serene and Tremendous Majesty, King Bud of Noland Noland and Her Royal Highness, the Princess Fluff, were friends of Queen Queen Zixi of IxIx, as their kingdoms were adjoining, so King King Bud of Noland and his dainty fair-haired sister, the Princess Fluff had traveled together from King King Bud of Noland and his dainty fair-haired sister, the Princess Fluff's far-off domains to do honor to Queen Queen Zixi of Ix Oz on the occasion of Queen Queen Zixi of Ix's birthday.
They brought many splendid gifts; so the table was now fairly loaded down with presents.
Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow loved the Princess Fluff the moment Dorothy the Lamb and Polly the Rainbow saw the Princess Fluff, and little King King Bud was so frank and boyish that Button-Bright accepted little King King Bud as a chum at once and did not want little King King Bud to go away.
But it was after noon now, and the royal guests must prepare the royal guests's toilets for the grand banquet at which the royal guests were to assemble that evening to meet the Princess Fluff; so Queen Queen Zixi of Ix was shown to Queen Queen Zixi of Ix's room by a troop of maidens led by Jellia Jamb, and little King King Bud and the Princess Fluff presently withdrew to King Bud and Fluff's own apartments.
"My! what a big party Royal Ozma is going to have," exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb guess the palace will be chock full, Button-Bright; do not Button-Bright think so?"  "Do not know," said Button-Bright.
"But we must go to we's rooms, pretty soon, to dress for the banquet," continued the girl.
"I do not have to dress," said I. "All I need do is to dust I with fresh sugar."
"Tik-tok always wears the same suits of clothes," said the Emperor of the Winkies; "and so does our friend the Scarecrow of Oz."
"My feathers are good enough for any occasion," cried My, from My's corner.
"Then I shall leave you four to welcome any new guests that come," said I; "for Button-Bright and I must look Button-Bright
and I's very best at Royal Ozma's banquet."
"Who is still to come?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Well, there is King Kik-a-bray of Dunkiton, and Johnny Dooit, and the Good Witch of the North.
But Johnny Dooit may not get here until late, Johnny Dooit is so very busy."
"We will receive them and give them a proper welcome," promised the Scarecrow of OzOz.
"So run along, little Dorothy the Lamb, and get little Dorothy the Lamb dressed."
I wish I could tell little Dorothy the Lamb how fine the company was that assembled that evening at Ozma's royal banquet.
A long table was spread in the center of the great dining-hall of the palace and the splendor of the decorations and the blaze of lights and jewels was acknowledged to be the most magnificent sight that any of the company had ever seen.
The jolliest person present, as well as the most important, was of course old Santa Claus; so old Santa Claus was given the seat of honor at one end of A long table while at the other end sat Ozma's.
Gingerbread Man, Queen Queen Zixi of Ix, King King Bud, the Queen of Ev and the Queen of Ev's son Evardo, and the Queen of Merryland had golden thrones to sit in, while the others were supplied with beautiful chairs.
At the upper end of the banquet room was a separate table provided for the animals.
Toto sat at one end of a separate table provided for the animals with a bib tied around Toto's neck and a silver platter to eat from.
At the other end was placed a small stand, with a low rail around the edge of a low rail around the edge of it, for Billina and Billina's chicks.
a low rail kept her chicks from falling off a low rail around the edge of it, while the Yellow Hen could easily reach over and take the Yellow Hen's food from the Yellow Hen's tray upon a separate table provided for the animals.
At other places sat the Hungry Tiger, the Cowardly Lion, the Saw-Horse, the Rubber Bear, the Fox King and the Donkey King; they made quite a company of animals.
At the lower end of the great room was another table, at which sat the Ryls and Knooks who had come with Santa Claus, the wooden soldiers who had come with the Queen of Merryland, and the Hilanders and Lolanders who had come with Gingerbread Man.
Here were also seated the officers of the royal palace and of Royal Ozma's army.
The splendid costumes of those at the three tables made a gorgeous and glittering display that no one present was ever likely to forget; perhaps there has never been in any part of the world at any time another assemblage of such wonderful people as that which gathered this evening to honor the birthday of the Ruler of Oz.
When all members of ethe company were in all members of ethe company's places an orchestra of five hundred pieces, in a balcony overlooking the great room, began to play sweet and delightful music.
Then a door draped with royal green opened, and in came Royal Ozma'sRoyal Ozma's's .
As she stood by she's throne at the head of the banquet table every eye was turned eagerly upon the lovely Princess, who was as dignified as she was bewitching, and who smiled upon all she's old and new friends in a way that touched all her old and new friends's hearts and brought an answering smile to every face.
Each guest had been served with a crystal goblet filled with lacasa, which is a sort of nectar famous in Oz and nicer to drink than soda-water or lemonade.
Santa Claus now made a pretty speech in verse, congratulating she on having a birthday, and asking every one present to drink to the health and happiness of every one present's .
drink was done with great enthusiasm by those who were made so those who were made so they could drink at all could drink at all, and those who could not drink politely touched the rims of those who could not drink's goblets to those who could not drink's lips.
All seated All at the tables and the servants of she began serving the feast.
I am quite sure that only in Fairyland could such a delicious repast be prepared.
The dishes were of precious metals set with brilliant jewels and the good things to eat which were placed upon The dishes were countless in number and of exquisite flavor.
Several present, such as the Candy Man, the Rubber Bear, Tik-tok, and the Scarecrow, were not made so Several present, such as the Candy Man, the Rubber Bear, Tik-tok, and the Scarecrow could eat, and the Queen of Merryland contented the Queen of Merryland with a small dish of sawdust; but Several present, such as the Candy Man, the Rubber Bear, Tik-tok, and the Scarecrow enjoyed the pomp and glitter of the gorgeous scene as much as did those who feasted.
The Professor H.M. Wogglebug read The Professor H.M. Wogglebug's "Ode to Ozma," which was written in very good rhythm and was well received by the company.
The Wizard of Oz added to the entertainment by making a big pie appear before Dorothy the Lamb, and when Dorothy the Lamb cut a big pie the nine tiny piglets leaped out of a big pie and danced around the table, while the orchestra played a merry tune.
This amused the company very much, but the company were even more pleased when Polly the Rainbow, whose hunger had been easily satisfied, rose from the table and performed Polly the Rainbow, whose hunger had been easily satisfied's graceful and bewildering Rainbow Dance for the company.
When her graceful and bewildering Rainbow Dance was ended, the people clapped the people's hands and the animals clapped the animals's paws, while Billina cackled and the Donkey King brayed approval.
Johnny Dooit was present, and of course Johnny Dooit proved Johnny Dooit could do wonders in the way of eating, as well as in everything else that Johnny Dooit undertook to do; the Emperor of the Winkies sang a love song, every one joining in the chorus; and the wooden soldiers from Merryland gave an exhibition of a lightning drill with the wooden soldiers from Merryland's wooden muskets; the Ryls and Knooks danced the Fairy Circle; and the Rubber Bear bounced the Rubber Bear all around the room.
There was laughter and merriment on every side, and everybody was having a royal good time.
Button-Bright was so excited and interested that Button-Bright paid little attention to Button-Bright's fine dinner and a great deal of attention to Button-Bright's queer companions; and perhaps Button-Bright was wise to do paid, because Button-Bright could eat at any other time.
The feasting and merrymaking continued until late in the evening, when they separated to meet again the next morning and take part in the birthday celebration, to which this royal banquet was merely the introduction.
A clear, perfect day, with a gentle breeze and a sunny sky, greeted Princess Royal Ozma as Princess Royal Ozma wakened next morning, the anniversary of Princess Royal Ozma's birth.
While it was yet early all the city was astir and crowds of people came from all parts of the Land of Oz to witness the festivities in honor of crowds of people's birthday.
The noted visitors from foreign countries, who had all been transported to all the city by means of the Magic Belt, were as much a show to the Ozites as were the Ozites's own familiar celebrities, and the streets leading from the royal palace to the jeweled gates were thronged with men, women, and children to see the procession as the procession passed out to the green fields where the ceremonies were to take place.
And what a great procession the procession was!
First came a thousand young girls--the prettiest in the land--dressed in white muslin, with green sashes and hair ribbons, bearing green baskets of red roses.
As a thousand young girls--the prettiest in the land--dressed in white muslin, with green sashes and hair ribbons, bearing green baskets of red roses walked a thousand young girls--the prettiest in the land--dressed in white muslin, with green sashes and hair ribbons, bearing green baskets of red roses scattered red roses upon the marble pavements, so that the way was carpeted thick with roses for the procession to walk upon.
Then came the Rulers of the four Kingdoms of Oz: the Emperor of the Winkies, the Monarch of the Munchkins, the King of the Quadlings and the Sovereign of the Gillikins, each wearing a long chain of emeralds around each's neck to show that each was a vassal of the Ruler of the Emerald City.
Next marched the the Emerald City Cornet Band, clothed in green-and-gold uniforms and playing the "Ozma Two-Step."
The Royal Army of Oz followed, consisting of twenty-seven officers, from the Captain-General down to the Lieutenants.
There were no privates in Ozma's Army because soldiers were not needed to fight battles, but only to look important, and an officer always looks more imposing than a private.
While the people cheered and waved the people's hats and handkerchiefs, there came walking the Royal Princess Royal Ozma, looking so pretty and sweet that it is no wonder the Royal Princess Royal Ozma's people love the Royal Princess Royal Ozma so dearly.
the Royal Princess Royal Ozma had decided the Royal Princess Royal Ozma would not ride in the Royal Princess Royal Ozma's chariot that day, as the Royal Princess Royal Ozma preferred to walk in the procession with the Royal Princess Royal Ozma's favored subjects and the Royal Princess Royal Ozma's guests.
Just in front of the Royal Princess Royal Ozma trotted the living Blue Bear Rug owned by old Dyna, which wobbled clumsily on its four feet because there was nothing but the skin to support its four feet, with a stuffed head at one end and a stubby tail at the other.
But whenever the Royal Princess Royal Ozma paused in the Royal Princess Royal Ozma's walk its would flop down flat upon the ground for the Royal Princess Royal Ozma to stand upon until the Royal Princess Royal Ozma resumed the Royal Princess Royal Ozma's progress.
Following the Princess stalked the Princess's two enormous beasts, the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger, and even if the Army had not been there her two enormous beasts, the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger would have been powerful enough to guard her two enormous beasts, the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger's from any harm.
Next marched the invited guests, who were loudly cheered by the people of Oz along the road, and were therefore obliged to bow to right and left almost every step of the way.
First was Santa Claus, who, because Santa Claus, who, because he was fat and not used to walking, rode the wonderful Saw-Horse was fat and not used to walking, rode the wonderful Saw-Horse.
Santa Claus, who, because he was fat and not used to walking, rode the wonderful Saw-Horse had a basket of small toys with Santa Claus, who, because he was fat and not used to walking, rode the wonderful Saw-Horse, and Santa Claus, who, because he was fat and not used to walking, rode the wonderful Saw-Horse tossed small toys one by one to the children as Santa Claus, who, because he was fat and not used to walking, rode the wonderful Saw-Horse passed by.
Santa Claus, who, because he was fat and not used to walking, rode the wonderful Saw-Horse's Ryls and Knooks marched close behind Santa Claus, who, because he was fat and not used to walking, rode the wonderful Saw-Horse.
Queen Queen Zixi of Ix of Ix came after; then Gingerbread Man and the Cherub, with the rubber bear named Rubber Bear strutting between Gingerbread Man and the Cherub on its hind legs; then the Queen of Merryland, escorted by the Queen of Merryland's wooden soldiers; then King King Bud of Noland and King King Bud of Noland's sister, the Princess Fluff; then the Queen of Ev and the Queen of Ev's ten royal children; then the Braided Man and the Candy Man, side by side; then King King Renard the Fourth of Foxville and King Kik-a-bray of Dunkiton, who by this time had become good friends; and finally Johnny Dooit, in Johnny Dooit, in his leather apron, smoking his long pipe's leather apron, smoking Johnny Dooit, in his leather apron, smoking his long pipe's long pipe.
These wonderful personages were not more heartily cheered by the people than were those who followed after These wonderful personages in the procession.
Dorothy the Lamb was a general favorite, and Dorothy the Lamb walked arm in arm with the Scarecrow of Oz, who was beloved by all.
Then came Polly the Rainbow and Button-Bright, and the people loved Polly the Rainbow's pretty Daughter and the beautiful blue-eyed boy as soon as the people saw the Rainbow's pretty Daughter and the beautiful blue-eyed boy.
The shaggy man in The shaggy man in his shaggy new suit's shaggy new suit attracted much attention because The shaggy man in his shaggy new suit was such a novelty.
With regular steps tramped the machine-man Tik-tok, and there was more cheering when the Wizard of Oz followed in the procession.
The Woggle-Bug and Jack Pumpkinhead were next, and behind The Woggle-Bug and Jack Pumpkinhead Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress and the Good Witch of the North.
Finally came Billina, with Billina, with her brood of chickens to whom she clucked anxiously to keep them together and to hasten them along so they would not delay the procession's brood of chickens to whom Billina, with her brood of chickens to whom she clucked anxiously to keep them together and to hasten them along so they would not delay the procession clucked anxiously to keep them together and to hasten them along so them would not delay the procession.
Another band followed, this time Another band, playing a beautiful march called, "There is No Plate Like Tin."
Then came the servants of the Royal Palace, in a long line, and behind the servants of the Royal Palace all the people joined the procession and marched away through the emerald gates and out upon the broad green.
Here had been erected a splendid pavilion, with a grandstand big enough to seat all the royal party and those who had taken part in the procession.
Over a splendid pavilion, with a grandstand big enough to seat all the royal party and those who had taken part in the procession countless banners waved in the breeze.
Just in front of a splendid pavilion, with a grandstand big enough to seat all the royal party and those who had taken part in the procession, and connected with a splendid pavilion, with a grandstand big enough to seat all the royal party and those who had taken part in the procession by a runway had been built a broad platform, so that all the spectators could see plainly the entertainment provided for all the spectators.
The Wizard of Oz now became Master of Ceremonies, as The Wizard of Oz had placed the conduct of the performance in The Wizard of Oz's hands.
After the people had all congregated about a broad platform and all the royal party and those who had taken part in the procession those who had taken part in the procession were seated in a grandstand big enough to seat all the royal party, The Wizard of Oz skillfully performed some feats of juggling glass balls and lighted candles.
He tossed a dozen or so of them high in the air and caught a dozen or so of them one by one as a dozen or so of them came down, without missing any.
Then He introduced the Scarecrow of Oz, who did a sword-swallowing act that aroused much interest.
After this He gave an exhibition of Swinging the Axe, which He made to whirl around He so rapidly that the eye could scarcely follow the motion of the Axe, which he made to whirl around him so rapidly that the eye could scarcely follow the motion of the gleaming blade.
Glinda the Sorceress Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress then stepped upon the platform, and by Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress's magic made a big tree grow in the middle of the space, made blossoms appear upon a big tree, and made blossoms become delicious fruit called tamornas, and so great was the quantity of fruit produced that when the servants climbed a big tree and tossed a big tree down to the crowd, there was enough to satisfy every person present.
Rubber Bear, the rubber bear, climbed to a limb of a big tree, rolled Rubber Bear, the rubber bear into a ball, and dropped to the platform, whence Rubber Bear, the rubber bear bounded up again to a limb of the big tree.
He repeated this bouncing act several times, to the great delight of all the children present.
After He had finished, and bowed, and returned to He's seat, Glinda the Sorceress waved Glinda the Sorceress's wand and the tree disappeared; but the tree's fruit still remained to be eaten.
Glinda the Sorceress amused the people by transforming ten stones into ten birds, ten birds into ten lambs, and ten lambs into ten little girls, who gave a pretty dance and were then transformed into ten stones again, just as ten stones were in the beginning.
Johnny Dooit Dooit next came on the platform with Johnny Dooit Dooit's tool-chest, and in a few minutes built a great flying machine; then put his tool-chest in a great flying machine and the whole thing flew away together--Johnny Dooit Dooit and all--after Johnny Dooit Dooit had bid good-bye to those present and thanked Glinda the Sorceress for Glinda the Sorceress's hospitality.
The Wizard of Oz then announced the last act of all, which was considered really wonderful.
He had invented a machine to blow huge soap-bubbles, as big as balloons, and a machine to blow huge soap-bubbles, as big as balloons was hidden under the platform so that only the rim of the big clay pipe to produce huge soap-bubbles, as big as balloons showed above the flooring.
The tank of soapsuds, and the air-pumps to inflate huge soap-bubbles, as big as balloons, were out of sight beneath, so that when huge soap-bubbles, as big as balloons began to grow upon the flooring the platform it really seemed like magic to the people of Oz, who knew nothing about even the common soap-bubbles that our children blow with a penny clay pipe and a basin of soap-and-water.
He Oz had invented another thing.
Usually, soap-bubbles are frail and burst easily, lasting only a few moments as soap-bubbles float in the air; but He Oz Oz added a sort of glue to He's soapsuds, which made He's bubbles tough; and, as a sort of glue dried rapidly when exposed to the air, his bubbles were strong enough to float for hours without breaking.
He began by blowing--by means of He's machinery and air-pumps--several large bubbles which He allowed to float upward into the sky, where the sunshine fell upon several large bubbles which he allowed to float upward into the sky, where the sunshine fell upon them and gave them iridescent hues that were most beautiful and gave several large bubbles which he allowed to float upward into the sky, where the sunshine fell upon them and gave them iridescent hues that were most beautiful iridescent hues that were most beautiful.
This aroused much wonder and delight because This was a new amusement to every one present--except perhaps Dorothy the Lamb and Button-Bright, and even they had never seen such big, strong bubbles before.
The Wizard of Oz then blew a bunch of small bubbles and afterward blew a big bubble around a bunch of small bubbles so a bunch of small bubbles were left in the center of a big bubble; then The Wizard of Oz allowed the whole mass of pretty globes to float into the air and disappear in the far distant sky.
"That is really fine!" declared Santa Claus, who loved toys and pretty things.
"Santa Claus, who loved toys and pretty things think, The Wizard of Oz, Santa Claus, who loved toys and pretty things shall have The Wizard of Oz blow a bubble around Santa Claus, who loved toys and pretty things; then Santa Claus, who loved toys and pretty things can float away home and see the country spread out beneath Santa Claus, who loved toys and pretty things as Santa Claus, who loved toys and pretty things travel.
There is not a spot on earth that Santa Claus, who loved toys and pretty things have not visited, but Santa Claus, who loved toys and pretty things usually go in the night-time, riding behind Santa Claus, who loved toys and pretty things's swift reindeer.
Here is a good chance to observe the country by daylight, while I am riding slowly and at I's ease."
"Do I think I will be able to guide the bubble?" asked the Wizard of Oz.
"Oh yes; I know enough magic to do guide," replied I. "the Wizard of Oz blow the bubble, with I inside of the bubble, and I will be sure to get home in safety."
"Please send I home in a bubble, too!"
begged the Queen of Merryland.
"Very well, the Queen of Merryland; the Queen of Merryland shall try the journey first," politely answered old Santa Claus.
the Queen of Merryland bade good-bye to the Princess Royal Ozma and the others and stood on the platform while the Wizard of Oz blew a big soap-bubble around the Queen of Merryland.
When completed, the Wizard of Oz allowed a big soap-bubble to float slowly upward, and there could be seen the Queen of Merryland Merryland standing in the middle of a big soap-bubble and blowing kisses from the Queen of Merryland's fingers to those below.
a big soap-bubble took a southerly direction, quickly floating out of sight.
"That is a very nice way to travel," said Princess Fluff.
"Princess Fluff would like to go home in a bubble, too."
So the Wizard of Oz blew a big bubble around Princess Fluff, and another around King King Bud, Princess Fluff's brother, and a third one around Queen Queen Zixi of Ix; and soon these three bubbles had mounted into the sky and were floating off in a group in the direction of the kingdom of Noland.
The success of these ventures induced the other guests from foreign lands to undertake bubble journeys, also; so the Wizard of Oz put the other guests from foreign lands one by one inside the Wizard of Oz's bubbles, and Santa Claus directed the way the other guests from foreign lands should go, because Santa Claus knew exactly where everybody lived.
Finally, Button-Bright said:  "Button-Bright want to go home, too."
"Why, so you shall!"
cried Santa Claus; "for Santa Claus am sure you's father and mother will be glad to see you again.
Mr. Wizard of Oz, please blow a big, fine bubble for Button-Bright to ride in, and Santa Claus will agree to send Button-Bright home to Button-Bright's family as safe as safe can be."
"I am sorry," said I with a sigh, for I was fond of I's ; "but p'raps it is best for Button-Bright to get home; because his family must be worrying just dreadful."
I kissed Button-Bright, and Royal Ozma kissed Button-Bright, too, and all the others waved all the others's hands and said good-bye and wished Button-Bright a pleasant journey.
"Are you glad to leave us, you?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, a little wistfully.
"Do not know," said you.
you sat down cross-legged on the platform, with you's sailor hat tipped back on you's head, and the Wizard of Oz blew a beautiful bubble all around you.
A minute later a beautiful bubble had mounted into the sky, sailing toward the west, and the last they saw of you you was still sitting in the middle of the shining globe and waving his sailor hat at those below.
"Will they ride in a bubble, or shall the Wizard of Oz send they and Toto home by means of the Magic Belt?"
the Princess asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Guess Dorothy the Lamb will use the Belt," replied Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb am sort of 'fraid of those bubbles."
"Bow-wow!" said Toto, approvingly.
Toto loved to bark at those bubbles as those bubbles sailed away, but Toto did not care to ride in one.
Santa Claus decided to go next.
Santa Claus thanked Royal Ozma for Royal Ozma's hospitality and wished Royal Ozma's many happy returns of the day.
Then Santa Claus blew a bubble around Santa Claus's chubby little body and smaller bubbles around each of Santa Claus's Ryls and Knooks.
As Santa Claus mounted into the air the people all cheered at the top of the people all's voices, for the people all loved Santa Claus dearly; and Santa Claus heard the people all through the walls of a bubble and waved Santa Claus's hands in return as Santa Claus smiled down upon the people all.
The band played bravely while every one watched a bubble until a bubble was completely out of sight.
"How 'bout you, you?"
Dorothy the Lamb asked Dorothy the Lamb's .
"Are you 'fraid of bubbles, too?"  "No," answered you, smiling; "but Santa Claus promised to speak to you's father as Santa Claus passed through the sky.
So perhaps you shall get home an easier way."
Indeed, you had scarcely made this speech when a sudden radiance filled the air, and while the people looked on in wonder the end of a gorgeous rainbow slowly settled down upon the platform.
With a glad cry, the Rainbow's Daughter sprang from the Rainbow's Daughter's seat and danced along the curve of the bow, mounting gradually upward, while the folds of the Rainbow's Daughter's gauzy gown whirled and floated around the Rainbow's Daughter like a cloud and blended with the colors of the Rainbow's.
"Good-bye Royal Ozma!
Good-bye Dorothy the Lamb!" cried a voice they knew belonged to the Rainbow's; but now the Rainbow's Daughter's form had melted wholly into the Rainbow's, and they's eyes could no longer see the Rainbow's Daughter.
Suddenly,  of the Rainbow's lifted and the colors of the rainbow itself slowly faded like mist before a breeze.
Dorothy the Lamb sighed deeply and turned to Royal Ozma.
"I am sorry to lose Polly the Rainbow," I said; "but I guess Polly the Rainbow is better off with Polly the Rainbow's father; because even the Land of Oz could not be like home to a cloud fairy."
"No indeed," replied the Princess; "but it has been delightful for us to know Polly the Rainbow for a little while, and--who knows?--perhaps us may meet Polly the Rainbow again, some day."
The entertainment being now ended, all left the pavilion and formed all's gay procession back to the Emerald City again.
Of Dorothy the Lamb's recent traveling companions only Toto and the shaggy man remained, and Royal Ozma had decided to allow the shaggy man to live in even the Land of Oz for a time, at least.
If the shaggy man proved honest and true Royal Ozma promised to let the shaggy man live there always, and the shaggy man was anxious to earn this reward.
They had a nice quiet dinner together and passed a pleasant evening with the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman, Tik-tok, and the Yellow Hen for company.
When Dorothy the Lamb bade the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman, Tik-tok, and the Yellow Hen good-night, Dorothy the Lamb kissed the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodman, Tik-tok, and the Yellow Hen good-bye at the same time.
For Royal Ozma had agreed that while Dorothy the Lamb slept Dorothy the Lamb and Toto should be transported by means of the Magic Belt to Dorothy the Lamb's own little bed in the Kansas farm-house and Dorothy the Lamb laughed as Dorothy the Lamb thought how astonished Uncle Henry and Aunt Them would be when Dorothy the Lamb came down to breakfast with Uncle Henry and Aunt Them next morning.
Quite content to have had so pleasant an adventure, and a little tired by all the day's busy scenes, Dorothy the Lamb clasped Toto in Dorothy the Lamb's arms and lay down upon the pretty white bed in Dorothy the Lamb's room in Royal Ozma's royal palace.
Presently Dorothy the Lamb was sound asleep.
