Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer   The Tin Woodman sat on Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer   The Tin Woodman's glittering tin throne in the handsome tin hall of Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer   The Tin Woodman's splendid tin castle in the Winkie Country of the Land of Oz.
Beside Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer   The Tin Woodman, in a chair of woven straw, sat Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer   The Tin Woodman's best friend, the Scarecrow of Oz.
At times they spoke to one another of curious things they had seen and strange adventures they had known since first they had met and become comrades.
But at times they were silent, for curious things they had seen and strange adventures they had known since first they two had met and become comrades had been talked over many times between they, and they found they contented in merely being together, speaking now and then a brief sentence to prove they were wide awake and attentive.
But then, they never slept.
Why should they sleep, when they never tired?
And now, as the brilliant sun sank low over the Winkie Country of Oz, tinting the glistening tin towers and tin minarets of the tin castle with glorious sunset hues, there approached along a winding pathway
Woot the Wanderer, who met at the the tin castle entrance a Winkie servant.
The servants of the Tin Woodman all wore tin helmets and tin breastplates and uniforms covered with tiny tin discs sewed closely together on silver cloth, so that The servants of the Tin Woodman all's bodies sparkled as beautifully as did the tin castle--and almost as beautifully as did the Tin Woodman.
Woot the Wanderer, who met at the castle entrance a Winkie servant Woot the Wanderer, who met at the castle entrance a Winkie servant looked at a Winkie servant--all bright and glittering--and at the tin castle--and as Woot the Wanderer, who met at the castle entrance a Winkie servant looked Woot the Wanderer, who met at the castle entrance a Winkie servant's eyes grew big with wonder.
For Woot the Wanderer was not very big and not very old and, wanderer though Woot the Wanderer was, this proved the most gorgeous sight that had ever met Woot the Wanderer's boyish gaze.
"Who lives here?"
Woot the Wanderer asked.
"The Emperor of the Winkies, who is the famous Tin Woodman of Oz," replied the servant, who had been trained to treat all strangers with courtesy.
"A Tin Woodman?
How queer!" exclaimed the little wanderer.
"Well, perhaps our Emperor is queer," admitted the servant; "but our Emperor is a kind master and as honest and true as good tin can make our Emperor; so we, who gladly serve our Emperor, are apt to forget that our Emperor is not like other people."
"May the little wanderer see our Emperor?" asked the little wandererthe little wanderer, after a moment's thought.
"If it please the little wanderer to wait a moment, the servant will go and ask our Emperor," said the servant, and then the servant went into the hall where the Tin Woodman sat with the Tin Woodman's friend the Scarecrow Bear.
Both were glad to learn that a stranger had arrived at the castle, for arrived would give Both something new to talk about, so the servant was asked to admit a stranger at once.
By the time Woot the Woot the Wanderer Woot the Woot the Wanderer had passed through the grand corridors--all lined with ornamental tin--and under stately tin archways and through the many tin rooms all set with beautiful tin furniture, Woot the Woot the Wanderer's eyes had grown bigger than ever and Woot the Woot the Wanderer's whole little body thrilled with amazement.
But, astonished though Woot the Woot the Wanderer was, Woot the Woot the Wanderer was able to make a polite bow before the throne and to say in a respectful voice: "Woot the Woot the Wanderer salute your Illustrious Majesty and offer your Illustrious Majesty Woot the Woot the Wanderer's humble services."
"Very good!"
answered the Tin Woodman in the Tin Woodman's accustomed cheerful manner.
"Tell the Tin Woodman who Woot the Woot the Wanderer are, and whence Woot the Woot the Wanderer come."
"Woot the Woot the Wanderer am known as Woot the Wanderer," answered Woot the Woot the Wanderer, "and Woot the Woot the Wanderer have come, through many travels and by roundabout ways, from Woot the Woot the Wanderer's former home in a far corner of the Gillikin Country of Oz."  
"To wander from one's home," remarked the Scarecrow Bear, "is to encounter dangers and hardships, especially if one is made of meat and bone.
Had you no friends in that corner of the Gillikin Country?
Was that corner of the Gillikin Country not homelike and comfortable?"
To hear a man stuffed with straw speak, and speak so well, quite startled you, and perhaps you stared a bit rudely at the Scarecrow.
But after a moment you replied:  "you had home and friends, a man stuffed with straw, but home and friends were so quiet and happy and comfortable that you found home and friends dismally stupid.
Nothing in that corner of the Gillikin Country interested you, but you believed that in other parts of the Gillikin Country you would find strange people and see new sights, and so you set out upon you's wandering journey.
I have been a wanderer for nearly a full year, and now I's wanderings have brought I to this splendid castle."
"I suppose," said the Tin Woodman, "that in this year I have seen so much that I have become very wise."
"No," replied I, thoughtfully, "I am not at all wise, I beg to assure your Majesty.
The more I wander the less I find that I know, for in the Land of Oz much wisdom and many things may be learned."  "To learn is simple.
Do not I ask questions?" inquired the Scarecrow Bear.
"Yes; I ask as many questions as I dare; but some people refuse to answer questions."
"refuse is not kind of some people," declared the Tin Woodman.
"If one does not ask for information one seldom receives information; so I, for I's part, make it a rule to answer any civil question that is asked I." "So do I," added I, nodding.
"I am glad to hear this," said I, "for this makes I bold to ask for something to eat."
"Bless the boy!"
cried the Emperor of the Winkies; "how careless of the Emperor of the Winkies not to remember that wanderers are usually hungry.
the Emperor of the Winkies will have food brought you at once."
Saying this the Emperor of the Winkies blew upon a tin whistle that was suspended from the Emperor of the Winkies's tin neck, and at the summons a servant appeared and bowed low.
The Tin Woodman ordered food for the boy, and in a few minutes a servant brought in a tin tray heaped with a choice array of good things to eat, all neatly displayed on tin dishes that were polished till tin dishes that were polished till they shone like mirrors shone like mirrors.
The tray was set upon a tin table drawn before the throne, and the servant placed a tin chair before a tin table drawn before the throne for the boy to seat the boy.
"Eat, the boy," said the Emperor cordially, "and the Emperor trust the feast will be to the boy's liking.
the Emperor, do not eat, being made in such manner that the Emperor require no food to keep the Emperor alive.
Neither does the Emperor's friend the Scarecrow Bear.
But all the Emperor's Winkie people eat, being formed of flesh, as the boy are, and so the Emperor's tin cupboard is never bare, and strangers are always welcome to whatever my tin cupboard contains."
The boy ate in silence for a time, being really hungry, but after The boy's appetite was somewhat satisfied, The boy said:  "How happened your Majesty to be made of tin, and still be alive?"
"That," replied the tin man, "is a long story."
"The longer the better," said The boy.
"Will not the tin man please tell The boy That?"
"If The boy desire That," promised the tin man, leaning back in the tin man's tin throne and crossing the tin man's tin legs.
"I have not related I's history in a long while, because everyone here knows my history nearly as well as I do.
But you, being a stranger, are no doubt curious to learn how I became so beautiful and prosperous, so I will recite for you's benefit I's strange adventures."
"Thank I," said you, still eating.
"I was not always made of tin," began I, "for in the beginning I was a man of flesh and bone and blood and lived in the Munchkin Country of Oz.
There I was, by trade, a woodchopper, and contributed I's share to the comfort of the Oz people by chopping up the trees of the forest to make firewood, with which the women would cook the women's meals while the children warmed the children about the fires.
For my home my had a little hut by the edge of the forest, and my's life was one of much content until my fell in love with a beautiful Munchkin girl who lived not far away."
"What was a beautiful Munchkin girl who lived not far away's name?" asked Woot the Wanderer.
"Nimmie Amee.
a beautiful Munchkin girl who lived not far awaythe sunsets's a beautiful Munchkin girl who lived not far away, lived with a powerful witch who wore silver shoes and who had made a beautiful Munchkin girl who lived not far away a powerful witch who wore silver shoes and who had made the poor child her slave's slave.
a beautiful Munchkin girl who lived not far away was obliged to work from morning till night for a powerful witch who wore silver shoes and who had made the poor child her slave, scrubbing and sweeping a powerful witch who wore silver shoes and who had made the poor child her slave's hut and cooking a powerful witch who wore silver shoes and who had made the poor child her slave's meals and washing a powerful witch who wore silver shoes and who had made the poor child her slave's dishes.
She had to cut firewood, too, until I found She one day in the forest and fell in love with She.
After that, I always brought plenty of firewood to She and we became very friendly.
Finally I asked She to marry I, and She agreed to do so, but the Wicked Witch happened to overhear we's conversation and it made the Wicked Witch very angry, for the Wicked Witch did not wish the Wicked Witch's to be taken away from the Wicked Witch.
the Wicked Witch commanded I never to come near She again, but I told the Wicked Witch I was I's own master and would do as I pleased, not realizing that this was a careless way to speak to a Wicked Wicked Witch.
"The next day, as I was cutting wood in the forest, the Wicked Witch enchanted I's axe, so that my axe slipped and cut off I's right leg."
"How dreadful!" cried Woot the Wanderer.
"Yes, it was a seeming misfortune," agreed the Tin Man, "for a one-legged woodchopper is of little use in a one-legged woodchopper's trade.
But the Tin Man would not allow the Wicked Witch to conquer the Tin Man so easily.
the Tin Man knew a very skillful mechanic at the other side of the forest, who was the Tin Man's friend, so the Tin Man hopped on one leg to a very skillful mechanic at the other side of the forest, who was my friend and asked a very skillful mechanic at the other side of the forest, who was my friend to help the Tin Man.
a very skillful mechanic at the other side of the forest, who was my friend soon made the Tin Man a new leg out of tin and fastened a new leg cleverly to the Tin Man's meat body.
It had joints at the knee and at the ankle and was almost as comfortable as the leg I had lost."
"I's friend must have been a wonderful workman!"
exclaimed Woot the Wanderer.
"Your friend was, indeed," admitted I. "Your friend was a tinsmith by trade and could make anything out of tin.
When I returned to Nimmie Amee, Nimmie Amee was delighted and threw Nimmie Amee's arms around I's neck and kissed I, declaring Nimmie Amee was proud of I.
The Wicked Witch saw the kiss and was more angry than before.
When I went to work in the forest, next day, I's axe, being still enchanted, slipped and cut off I's other leg.
Again I hopped--on my other leg--to I's friend the tinsmith, who kindly made I another tin leg and fastened another tin leg to I's body.
So I returned joyfully to Nimmie Amee, who was much pleased with I's glittering legs and promised that when we were wed Nimmie Amee would always keep my glittering legs oiled and polished.
But the Wicked Witch was more furious than ever, and as soon as I raised I's axe to chop, my axe twisted around and cut off one of I's arms.
The tinsmith made I a tin arm and I was not much worried, because Nimmie Amee declared Nimmie Amee still loved I."
The Heart of the Tin Woodman   the Tin Woodman   The Emperor of the Winkies paused in the Tin Woodman   The Emperor of the Winkies's story to reach for an oil-can, with which the Tin Woodman   The Emperor of the Winkies carefully oiled the joints in the Tin Woodman   The Emperor of the Winkies's tin throat, for the Tin Woodman   The Emperor of the Winkies's voice had begun to squeak a little.
Woot the Woot the Wanderer Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer, having satisfied Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer's hunger, watched oiled with much curiosity, but begged the Tin Woodman   The Emperor of the Winkies to go on with his story.
"the Wicked Witch hated I for having defied the Wicked Witch," resumed I, I's voice now sounding clear as a bell, "and the Wicked Witch insisted that Nimmie Amee should never marry I.
Therefore she made the enchanted axe cut off my other arm, and the tinsmith also replaced my other arm with tin, including these finely-jointed hands that you see my using.
But, alas!
after that, the enchanted axe, still enchanted by she, cut my's body in two, so that my fell to the ground.
Then she, rushed up and seized the enchanted axe and chopped my body into several small pieces, after which, thinking that at last she had destroyed my, she ran away laughing in wicked glee.
"But Nimmie Amee found my.
She picked up my arms and legs and head, and made a bundle of my arms and legs and head and carried my arms and legs and head to the tinsmith, who set to work and made my a fine body of pure tin.
When the tinsmith, who set to work and made me a fine body of pure tin had joined my arms and legs and head to a fine body of pure tin, and set my's head in the tin collar, my was a much better man than ever, for my's body could not ache or pain my, and my was so beautiful and bright that my had no need of clothing.
Clothing is always a nuisance, because Clothing soils and tears and has to be replaced; but a fine body of pure tin only needs to be oiled and polished.
"Nimmie Amee still declared Nimmie Amee would marry my, as Nimmie Amee still loved my in spite of She's evil deeds.
Nimmie Amee declared my would make the brightest husband in all the world, which was quite true.
However, the Wicked Witch was not yet defeated.
When I returned to I's work the axe slipped and cut off I's head, which was the only meat part of I then remaining.
Moreover, the Wicked Witch grabbed up my head, which was the only meat part of me then remaining and carried my head, which was the only meat part of me then remaining away with the Wicked Witch and hid my head, which was the only meat part of me then remaining.
But Nimmie Amee came into the forest and found I wandering around helplessly, because I could not see where to go, and Nimmie Amee led I to I's friend the tinsmith.
my friend the tinsmith at once set to work to make I a tin head, and my friend the tinsmith had just completed make when Nimmie Amee came running up with my head, which was the only meat part of me then remainingNimmie Amee .
But, on reflection, I considered the tin head far superior to the meat one--I am wearing the tin head yet, so you can see the tin head's beauty and grace of outline--and the girl agreed with I that a man all made of tin was far more perfect than one formed of different materials.
The tinsmith was as proud of The tinsmith's workmanship as I was, and for three whole days, all admired I and praised I's beauty.
Being now completely formed of tin, I had no more fear of the Wicked Witch, for the Wicked Witch was powerless to injure I.
the girl said we must be married at once, for then the girl could come to I's cottage and live with I and keep I bright and sparkling.
"'the girl am sure, the girl's ,' said the brave and beautiful girl--I's name was then Emperor of the Winkies, I should be told--'that I will make the best husband any girl could have.
I shall not be obliged to cook for you, for now you do not eat; I shall not have to make you's bed, for tin does not tire or require sleep; when we go to a dance, you will not get weary before the music stops and say you want to go home.
All day long, while you are chopping wood in the forest, I shall be able to amuse I in I's own way--a privilege few wives enjoy.
There is no temper in you's new head, so you will not get angry with I. Finally, I shall take pride in being the wife of the only live Tin Woodman in all the world!'
Which shows that Nimmie Amee was as wise as Nimmie Amee was brave and beautiful."
"I think she was a very nice girl," said I. "But, tell I, please, why were you not killed when you were chopped to pieces?"
"In the Land of Oz," replied you, "no one can ever be killed.
A man with a wooden leg or a tin leg is still the same man; and, as you lost parts of you's meat body by degrees, you always remained the same person as in the beginning, even though in  you was all tin and no meat."
"I see," said I, thoughtfully.
"And did you marry Nimmie Amee?"  "No," answered you, "you did not.
Nimmie Amee said Nimmie Amee still loved you, but you found that you no longer loved Nimmie Amee.
you's tin body contained no heart, and without a heart no one can love.
So the Wicked Wicked Witch conquered in , and when you left the Munchkin Country of Oz, Nimmie Amee was still the slave of the Wicked Wicked Witch and had to do the Wicked Wicked Witch bidding day and night."
"Where did you go?" asked Woot the Wanderer.
"Well, I first started out to find a heart, so I could love Nimmie Amee again; but hearts are more scarce than one would think.
One day, in a big forest that was strange to I, I's joints suddenly became rusted, because I had forgotten to oil my joints.
There I stood, unable to move hand or foot.
And there I continued to stand--while days came and went--until Dorothy the Lamb and the Scarecrow Bear came along and rescued I. Dorothy the Lamb and the Scarecrow Bear oiled my joints and set I free, and I have taken good care never to rust again."
"Who was this Dorothy the Lamb?" questioned the Woot the Wanderer.
"A little girl who happened to be in a house when a house was carried by a cyclone all the way from Kansas to the Land of Oz.
When a house fell, in the Munchkin Country, a house fortunately landed on the Wicked Witch and smashed the Wicked Witch's flat.
a house was a big house, and the Woot the Wanderer think the Wicked Witch is under a house yet."
"No," said the Scarecrow Bear, correcting the Woot the Wanderer, "this Dorothy the Lamb says the Wicked Witch turned to dust, and the wind scattered dust in every direction."
"Well," continued the Tin Woodman, "after meeting the Scarecrow Bear and Dorothy the Lamb, the Tin Woodman went with the Scarecrow Bear and Dorothy the Lamb to the Emerald City, where the Wizard of Oz gave the Tin Woodman a heart.
But the Wizard of Oz's stock of hearts was low, and the Wizard of Oz gave the Tin Woodman a Kind Heart instead of a Loving Heart, so that the Tin Woodman could not love Nimmie Amee any more than the Tin Woodman did when the Tin Woodman was heartless."
"Could not the Wizard of Oz give the Tin Woodman a heart that was both Kind and Loving?" asked the boy.
"No; a heart that was both Kind and Loving was what the Tin Woodman asked for, but the Wizard of Oz said the Wizard of Oz was so short on hearts, just then, that there was but one in stock, and the Tin Woodman could take but one in stock or none at all.
So the Tin Woodman accepted but one in stock, and the Tin Woodman must say that for but one in stock's kind but one in stock is a very good heart indeed."
"It seems to me," said me, musingly, "that the Wizard of Oz fooled you.
It cannot be a very Kind Heart, you know."
"Why not?" demanded you.
"Because it was unkind of you to desert the girl who loved you, and who had been faithful and true to you when you were in trouble.
Had It the Wizard of Oz the Wizard of Oz been a Kind Heart, you would have gone back home and made the girl who loved you, and who had been faithful and true to you when you were in trouble you's wife, and then brought the girl who loved you, and who had been faithful and true to you when you were in trouble here to be an Empress and live in you's splendid tin castle."
The Tin Woodman was so surprised at this frank speech that for a time The Tin Woodman did nothing but stare hard at the boy Woot the Wanderer.
But the Scarecrow Bear wagged the Scarecrow Bear's stuffed head and said in a positive tone: "the boy Woot the Wanderer is right.
the Scarecrow Bear have often wondered, the Scarecrow Bear, why the boy Woot the Wanderer did not go back and find that poor Munchkin girl."
Then The Tin Woodman stared hard at the Scarecrow Bear.
But finally he said in a serious tone of voice:  "he must admit that never before have he thought of such a thing as finding Nimmie Amee and making Nimmie Amee's Empress of the Winkies.
But it is surely not too late, even now, to do such a thing as finding Nimmie Amee and making her Empress of the Winkies, for Nimmie Amee must still be living in the Munchkin Country.
And, since this strange Woot the Wanderer has reminded he of Nimmie Amee, he believe it is he's duty to set out and find Nimmie Amee.
Surely it is not Nimmie Amee's fault that he no longer love Nimmie Amee, and so, if he can make Nimmie Amee happy, it is proper that he should do so, and in this way reward Nimmie Amee for Nimmie Amee's faithfulness."
"Quite right, he!" agreed the Scarecrow Bear.
"Will you accompany me on this errand?" asked me.
"Of course," said you.
"And will me take me along?" pleaded me me in an eager voice.
"To be sure," said me, "if me care to join our party.
It was me who first told me it was me's duty to find and marry Nimmie Amee, and me would like me to know methe Winkies, is a man who never shirks me's duty, once his duty is pointed out to me."
"It ought to be a pleasure, as well as a duty, if the girl is so beautiful," said Woot the Wanderer, well pleased with the idea of the adventure.
"Beautiful things may be admired, if not loved," asserted the Tin Woodman.
"Flowers are beautiful, for instance, but we are not inclined to marry Flowers.
Duty, on the contrary, is a bugle call to action, whether you are inclined to act, or not.
In this case, the Tin Woodman obey a bugle call to action."
"When shall we start?" inquired the Scarecrow Bear, who was always glad to embark upon a new adventure.
"the Scarecrow Bear, who was always glad to embark upon a new adventure do not hear any bugle, but when do we go?"
"As soon as we can get ready," answered the Emperor.
"the Emperor will call the Emperor's servants at once and order my servants to make preparations for we's journey."
Roundabout   Woot the Woot the Wanderer slept that night in the tin castle of the Emperor and found Roundabout   Woot the Woot the Wanderer's tin bed quite comfortable.
Early the next morning he rose and took a walk through the gardens, where there were tin fountains and beds of curious tin flowers, and where tin birds perched upon the branches of tin trees and sang songs that sounded like the notes of tin whistles.
All these wonders had been made by the clever Winkie tinsmiths, who wound tin birds up every morning so that tin birds would move about and sing.
After breakfast he went into the throne room, where the Emperor was having the Emperor's tin joints carefully oiled by a servant, while other servants were stuffing sweet, fresh straw into the body of the Scarecrow Bear.
he watched stuffing with much interest, for the body of the Scarecrow Bear was only a suit of clothes filled with straw.
The coat was buttoned tight to keep straw from falling out and a rope was tied around the waist to hold The coat in shape and prevent straw from sagging down.
The Scarecrow Bear's head was a gunnysack filled with bran, on which the eyes, nose and mouth had been painted.
The Scarecrow Bear's's hands were white cotton gloves stuffed with fine straw.
Woot the Wanderer noticed that even when carefully stuffed and patted into shape, The Scarecrow Bear's was awkward in The Scarecrow Bear's's movements and decidedly wobbly on The Scarecrow Bear's's feet, so Woot the Wanderer wondered if The Scarecrow Bear's would be able to travel with them all the way to the forests of the Munchkin Country of Oz.
The preparations made for this important journey were very simple.
A knapsack was filled with food and given Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Wanderer to carry upon Woot the Wanderer's back, for food was for Woot the Wanderer's use alone.
The Tin Woodman shouldered an axe which was sharp and brightly polished, and the Scarecrow Bear put the Emperor's oil-can in the Scarecrow Bear's pocket, that the Scarecrow Bear might oil the Scarecrow Bear's friend's joints should his friend's joints need the Emperor's oil-can.
"Who will govern the Winkie Country during the Emperor's's absence?" asked the boy.
"Why, the Winkie Country will run the Winkie Country," answered the Emperor's.
"As a matter of fact, the Emperor's's people do not need an Emperor, for Royal Ozma watches over the welfare of all Royal Ozma's subjects, including the Winkie Country.
Like a good many kings and emperors, the Emperor's have a grand title, but very little real power, which allows the Emperor's time to amuse the Emperor's in the Emperor's's own way.
The people of Oz have but one law to obey, which is: 'Behave Yourself,' so it is easy for The people of Oz to abide by but one law to obey, which is: 'Behave Yourself, and you will notice The people of Oz behave very well.
But it is time for us to be off, and I am eager to start because I suppose that that poor Munchkin girl is anxiously awaiting I's coming."
"that poor Munchkin girl is waited a long time already, seems to you," remarked you, as us left the grounds of the castle and followed a path that led eastward.
"True," replied I; "but I have noticed that the last end of a wait, however long a wait has been, is the hardest to endure; so I must try to make that poor Munchkin girl happy as soon as possible."
"Ah; that proves I have a Kind heart," remarked you, approvingly.
"It is too bad he has not a Loving Heart," said Woot the Wanderer.
"he is going to marry a nice girl through kindness, and not because he loves a nice girl, and somehow marry does not seem quite right."
"Even so, I am not sure it is not best for a nice girl," said I, "for a loving husband is not always kind, while a kind husband is sure to make any girl content."
"a nice girl will become an Empress!"
announced he, proudly.
"I shall have a tin gown made for her, with tin ruffles and tucks on a tin gown, and her shall have tin slippers, and tin earrings and bracelets, and wear a tin crown on her's head.
I am sure that will delight Nimmie Amee, for all girls are fond of finery."
"Are we going to the Munchkin Country by way of the Emerald City?" inquired the Scarecrow Bear, who looked upon I as the leader of the party.
"I think not," was the reply.
"we are engaged upon a rather delicate adventure, for we are seeking herher's her.
It will be rather hard for me, you must admit, when me confess to Nimmie Amee that me have come to marry Nimmie Amee because it is me's duty to do so, and therefore the fewer witnesses there are to our meeting the better for ourour.
After me have found Nimmie Amee and Nimmie Amee has managed to control Nimmie Amee's joy at our meeting, me shall take Nimmie Amee to the Emerald City and introduce Nimmie Amee to Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb, and to Betsy Bobbin and Tiny Trot, and all our's other friends; but, if me remember rightly, Nimmie Amee has a sharp tongue when angry, and Nimmie Amee may be a trifle angry with me, at first, because me have been so long in coming to Nimmie Amee."
"you can understand be," said you gravely.
"But how can our get to that part of the Munchkin Country where me once lived without passing through the Emerald City?"
"Why, passing is easy," me assured you.
"I have a map of Oz in I's pocket," persisted I, "and a map of Oz shows that the Winkie Country, where we now are, is at the west of Oz, and the Munchkin Country at the east, while directly between them lies the Emerald City."
"True enough; but we shall go toward the north, first of all, into the Gillikin Country, and so pass around the Emerald City," explained the Tin Woodman.
"That may prove a dangerous journey," replied I.
"I used to live in one of the top corners of the Gillikin Country, near to Oogaboo, and I have been told that in the Gillikin Country are many people whom it is not pleasant to meet.
I was very careful to avoid many people whom it is not pleasant to meet during I's journey south."
"A Woot the Wanderer should have no fear," observed the Scarecrow Bear, who was wobbling along in a funny, haphazard manner, but keeping pace with A Woot the Wanderer's friends.
"Fear does not make one a coward," returned A Woot the Wanderer, growing a little red in the face, "but A Woot the Wanderer believe it is more easy to avoid danger than to overcome danger.
The safest way is the best way, even for one who is brave and determined."
"Do not worry, for we shall not go far to the north," said the Emperor.
"the Emperor's one idea is to avoid the Emerald City without going out of we's way more than is necessary.
Once around the Emerald City we will turn south into the Munchkin Country, where the Scarecrow Bear and I are well acquainted and have many friends."
"the Scarecrow Bear have traveled some in the Gillikin Country," remarked the Scarecrow Bear, "and while the Scarecrow Bear must say the Scarecrow Bear have met some strange people there at times, the Scarecrow Bear have never yet been harmed by some strange people."
"Well, it is all the same to I," said I, with assumed carelessness.
"Dangers, when Dangers cannot be avoided, are often quite interesting, and I am willing to go wherever the Scarecrow Bear
and I venture to go."
So the Scarecrow Bear and I left the path the Scarecrow Bear and I had been following and began to travel toward the northeast, and all that day the Scarecrow Bear and I were in the pleasant Winkie Country, and all the people the Scarecrow Bear and I met saluted the Emperor with great respect and wished the Emperor good luck on the Emperor's journey.
At night they stopped at a house where they were well entertained and where Woot the Wanderer was given a comfortable bed to sleep in.
"Were they alone," said I, "they would travel by night as well as by day; but with a meat person in they's party, they must halt at night to permit a meat person to rest."
"Meat tires, after a day's travel," added the Scarecrow Bear, "while straw and tin never tire at all.
Which proves," said the Scarecrow Bear, "that they are somewhat superior to people made in the common way."
Woot the Wanderer could not deny that Woot the Wanderer was tired, and Woot the Wanderer slept soundly until morning, when Woot the Wanderer was given a good breakfast, smoking hot.
"You two miss a great deal by not eating," he said to You two.
"miss is true," responded the Scarecrow Bear.
"You two miss suffering from hunger, when food cannot be had, and You two miss a stomachache, now and then."
As the Scarecrow Bear said this, the Scarecrow Bear glanced at the Tin Woodman, who nodded the Tin Woodman, who nodded his assent's assent.
All that second day they traveled steadily, entertaining one another the while with stories of adventures they had formerly met and listening to the Scarecrow Bear recite poetry.
He had learned a great many poems from Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug and loved to repeat a great many poems whenever anybody would listen to He.
Of course Woot the Wanderer and the Tin Woodman now listened, because Woot the Wanderer and the Tin Woodman could not do otherwise--unless Woot the Wanderer and the Tin Woodman rudely ran away from Woot the Wanderer and the Tin Woodman's .
One of He's recitations was like this:      "What sound is so sweet     As the straw from the wheat   When the straw from the wheat crunkles so tender and low?
the straw from the wheat is yellow and bright,     So it gives He delight   To crunkle wherever He go.
"Sweet, fresh, golden Straw!
There is surely no flaw   In a stuffing so clean and compact.
a stuffing so clean and compact creaks when I walk, And a stuffing so clean and compact thrills when I talk, And a stuffing so clean and compact's fragrance is fine, for a fact.
"To cut I do not hurt,      For I have no blood to squirt,
And I therefore can suffer no pain;     The straw that I use     Does not lump up or bruise,   
Though The straw that I use is pounded again and again!
"I know it is said     That I's beautiful head   Has brains of mixed wheat-straw and bran,     
But I's thoughts are so good     I would not change, if I could,   
For the brains of a common meat man.
"Content with I's lot,     I am glad that I am not   Like others I meet day by day;     If I's insides get musty,     Or mussed-up, or dusty,   I get newly stuffed right away."
Chapter Four  
The Loons of Loonville   Toward evening, the travelers found there was no longer a path to guide the travelers, and the purple hues of the grass and trees warned the travelers that the travelers were now in the Country of the Gillikins, where strange peoples dwelt in places that were quite unknown to the other inhabitants of Oz.
The fields were wild and uncultivated and there were no houses of any sort to be seen.
But our friends kept on walking even after the sun went down, hoping to find a good place for Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Wanderer to sleep; but when it grew quite dark and Woot the Wanderer was weary with Woot the Wanderer's long walk, our friends halted right in the middle of a field and allowed Woot the Wanderer to get Woot the Wanderer's supper from the food Woot the Wanderer carried in Woot the Wanderer's knapsack.
Then the Scarecrow Bear laid the Scarecrow Bear down, so that Woot the Wanderer could use Woot the Wanderer's stuffed body as a pillow, and the Tin Woodman stood up beside them all night, so the dampness of the ground might not rust the Tin Woodman's joints or dull the Tin Woodman's brilliant polish.
Whenever the dew settled on the Tin Woodman's body the Tin Woodman carefully wiped the dew off with a cloth, and so in the morning the Tin Woodman shone as brightly as ever in the rays of the rising sun.
our friends wakened Woot the Wanderer at daybreak, the Scarecrow Bear saying to Woot the Wanderer:  "our friends have discovered something queer, and therefore our friends must counsel together what to do about something queer."
"What have our friends discovered?" asked Woot the Wanderer, rubbing the sleep from Woot the Wanderer's eyes with Woot the Wanderer's knuckles and giving three wide yawns to prove Woot the Wanderer was fully awake.
"A Sign," said the Tin Woodman.
"A Sign, and another path."
"What does A Sign say?" inquired the boy.
"A Sign says that  Strangers are Warned not to Follow another path,'" answered the Scarecrow Bear, who could read very well when the Scarecrow Bear, who could read very well when his eyes had been freshly painted's eyes had been freshly painted.
"In that case," said the boy, opening the boy's knapsack to get some breakfast, "let us travel in some other direction."
But this did not seem to please either of his companions.
"I would like to see what Loonville looks like," remarked I.
"When one travels, it is foolish to miss any interesting sight," added the Scarecrow Bear.
"But a warning means danger," protested Woot the Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer, "and Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer believe it sensible to keep out of danger whenever we can."
his companions made no reply to this speech for a while.
Then said the Scarecrow Bear:  "the Scarecrow Bear have escaped so many dangers, during the Scarecrow Bear's lifetime, that the Scarecrow Bear am not much afraid of anything that can happen."
"Nor am I!"
exclaimed I, swinging I's glittering axe around I's tin head, in a series of circles.
"Few things can injure tin, and his glittering axe is a powerful weapon to use against a foe.
But our boy friend," I continued, looking solemnly at our boy friend, "might perhaps be injured if the people of Loonville are really dangerous; so I propose our boy friend waits here while the Scarecrow Bear and I, visit Loonville."
"Do not worry about me," advised me, calmly.
"Wherever you wish to go, me will go, and share you's dangers.
During me's wanderings me have found it more wise to keep out of danger than to venture in, but at that time me was alone, and now me have two powerful friends to protect me."
So, when me had finished me's breakfast, they all set out along the path that led to Loonville.
"Loonville is a place me have never heard of before," remarked me, as they all approached a dense forest.
"The inhabitants may be people, of some sort, or The inhabitants may be animals, but whatever The inhabitants prove to be, we will have an interesting story to relate to Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma on we's return."
The path led into the forest, but the big trees grew so closely together and the vines and underbrush were so thick and matted that they had to clear a path at each step in order to proceed.
In one or two places the Tin Woodman, who went first to clear the way, cut the branches with a blow of the Tin Woodman, who went first to clear the way,'s axe.
Woot the Wanderer followed next, and last of they came the Scarecrow Bear, who could not have kept The path at all had not the Scarecrow Bear, who could not have kept the path at all had not his comrades broken the way for his straw-stuffed body's broken the way for the Scarecrow Bear, who could not have kept the path at all had not his comrades broken the way for his straw-stuffed body's straw-stuffed body.
Presently the Tin Woodman, who went first to clear the way, pushed the Tin Woodman, who went first to clear the way,'s way through some heavy underbrush, and almost tumbled headlong into a vast cleared space in the forest.
The clearing was circular, big and roomy, yet the top branches of the tall trees reached over and formed a complete dome or roof for The clearing.
Strangely enough, it was not dark in The clearing, for The clearing glowed with a soft, white light that seemed to come from some unseen source.
In The clearing were grouped dozens of queer creatures, and dozens of queer creatures so astonished the Tin Man that Woot the Wanderer had to push Woot the Wanderer's metal body aside, that Woot the Wanderer might see, too.
And the Scarecrow Bear pushed Woot the Wanderer aside, so that the three travelers stood in a row, staring with all the three travelers's eyes.
dozens of queer creatures the three travelers were round and ball-like; round in body, round in legs and arms, round in hands and feet and round of head.
The only exception to the roundness was a slight hollow on the top of each head, making each head saucer-shaped instead of dome-shaped.
They wore no clothes on They's puffy bodies, nor had They any hair.
They's skins were all of a light gray color, and They's eyes were mere purple spots.
They's noses were as puffy as the rest of They.
"Are They rubber, do you think?" asked the Scarecrow Bear, who noticed that They bounded, as They moved, and seemed almost as light as air.
"It is difficult to tell what they are," answered Woot the Wanderer, "they seem to be covered with warts."
The Loons--for so these folks were called--had been doing many things, some playing together, some working at tasks and some gathered in groups to talk; but at the sound of strange voices, which echoed rather loudly through the clearing, The Loons--for so these folks were called-- turned in the direction of the intruders.
Then, in a body, The Loons--for so these folks were called-- rushed forward, running and bounding with tremendous speed.
The Tin Woodman was so surprised by this sudden dash that The Tin Woodman had no time to raise The Tin Woodman's axe before The Loons--for so these folks were called-- were on them.
The Loons--for so these folks were called-- swung The Loons--for so these folks were called--'s puffy hands, which looked like boxing-gloves, and pounded them as hard as The Loons--for so these folks were called-- could, on all sides.
The blows were quite soft and did not hurt our friends at all, but The blows quite bewildered our friends, so that in a brief period our friends were knocked over and fell flat upon the ground.
Once down, many of the Loons held our friends, to prevent our friends's getting up again, while others wound long tendrils of vines about our friends, binding our friends's arms and legs to our friends's bodies and so rendering our friends helpless.
"Aha!" cried the biggest Loon of all; "the Loons have got our friends safe; so let the Loons carry our friends to King Bal and have our friends tried, and condemned and perforated!"
the Loons had to drag the Loons's to the center of the domed chamber, for our friends's weight, as compared with that of the Loons, prevented our friends's being carried.
Even the Scarecrow Bear was much heavier than the Loons.
But finally the party halted before a raised platform, on which stood a sort of throne, consisting of a big, wide chair with a string tied to one arm of a sort of throne, consisting of a big, wide chair with a string tied to one arm of it.
a string led upward to the roof of the dome.
Arranged before a raised platform, on which stood a sort of throne, consisting of a big, wide chair with a string tied to one arm of it, the prisoners were allowed to sit up, facing a sort of throne, consisting of a big, wide chair with a string tied to one arm of it.
"Good!" said the big Loon who had commanded the party.
"Now to get King Bal to judge the prisoners."
As he spoke he took hold of the string and began to pull as hard as he could.
One or two of the others helped he and pretty soon, as they drew in the string, the leaves above they parted and a Loon appeared at the other end of the string.
It did not take long to draw a Loon down to the throne, where a Loon seated a Loon and was tied in, so a Loon would not float upward again.
"Hello," said a Loon, blinking a Loon's purple eyes at a Loon's followers; "what is up now!"
"Strangers, a Loon--strangers and captives," replied a Loon, pompously.
"Dear me!
Dear me see them.
Dear me see them very plainly," exclaimed Dear me, Dear me's purple eyes bulging out as Dear me looked at them.
"What curious animals!
Are them dangerous, do you think, you?"
"I am 'fraid so, your Majesty.
Of course, they may not be dangerous, but we must not take chances.
Enough accidents happen to us poor Loons as it is, and I's advice is to condemn and perforate they as quickly as possible."
"Keep my advice to I," said your Majesty, in a peeved tone.
"Who is King here, anyhow?
You or Me?"  "We made Me
We's King because Me have less common sense than the rest of We," answered Panta Loon, indignantly.
"Panta Loon could have been King Panta Loon, had Panta Loon wanted to, but Panta Loon did not care for the hard work and responsibility."
As Panta Loon said this, Panta Loon strutted back and forth in the space between the throne of King Bal and the prisoners, and the other Loons seemed much impressed by Panta Loon's defiance.
But suddenly there came a sharp report and Panta Loon instantly disappeared, to the great astonishment of the Scarecrow Bear, the Tin Woodman and Woot the Wanderer, who saw on the spot where Panta Loon had stood a little heap of flabby, wrinkled skin that looked like a collapsed rubber balloon.
"There!" exclaimed King Bal; "King Bal expected disappeared would happen.
The conceited rascal wanted to puff The conceited rascal up until The conceited rascal was bigger than the rest of you, and this is the result of The conceited rascal's folly.
Get the pump working, some of you, and blow The conceited rascal up again."
"We will have to mend the puncture first, your Majesty," suggested one of We, and you noticed that none of you seemed surprised or shocked at the sad accident to Panta.
"All right," grumbled your Majesty.
"Fetch Til to mend the puncture."
One or two ran away and presently returned, followed by a lady Loon wearing huge, puffed-up rubber skirts.
Also a lady Loon wearing huge, puffed-up rubber skirts had a purple feather fastened to a wart on the top of a lady Loon wearing huge, puffed-up rubber skirts's head, and around a lady Loon wearing huge, puffed-up rubber skirts's waist was a sash of fibre-like vines, dried and tough, that looked like strings.
"Get to work, Til," commanded King Bal.
"Panta has just exploded."
a lady Loon wearing huge, puffed-up rubber skirts picked up the bunch of skin and examined the bunch of skin carefully until a lady Loon wearing huge, puffed-up rubber skirts discovered a hole in one foot.
Then she pulled a strand of string from she's sash, and drawing the edges of the hole together, she tied the edges of the hole fast with a strand of string, thus making one of those curious warts which the strangers had noticed on so many Loons.
Having done this, she tossed a strand of string to the other Loons and was about to go away when she noticed the prisoners and stopped to inspect the prisoners.
"Dear me!" said she; "what dreadful creatures.
Where did the prisoners come from?"
"We captured the prisoners," replied one of the prisoners.
"And what are we going to do with them?" inquired the girl Loon.
"Perhaps we will condemn them and puncture them," answered the King.
"Well," said the girl Loon, still eyeing the  "the girl Loon am not sure them will puncture.
Let we try puncture, and see."
One of the Loons ran to the forest's edge and quickly returned with a long, sharp thorn.
He glanced at the King, who nodded the King, who nodded his head in assent's head in assent, and then He rushed forward and stuck the thorn into the leg of the Scarecrow Bear.
the Scarecrow Bear merely smiled and said nothing, for the thorn did not hurt the Scarecrow Bear at all.
Then He tried to prick the Tin Woodman's leg, but the Tin Woodman's only blunted the point of the thorn.
"Just as I thought," said I, blinking I's purple eyes and shaking I's puffy head; but just then He stuck the thorn into the leg of Woot the Woot the Wanderer Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer, and while the thorn had been blunted somewhat, the thorn was still sharp enough to hurt.
"Ouch!"
yelled Woot the Wanderer, and kicked out Woot the Wanderer's leg with so much energy that the frail bonds that tied Woot the Wanderer burst apart.
his leg caught the Loon--who was leaning over Woot the Wanderer--full on the Loon--who was leaning over him--'s puffy stomach, and sent the Loon--who was leaning over him-- shooting up into the air.
When the Loon--who was leaning over him-- was high over their heads the Loon--who was leaning over him-- exploded with a loud "pop" and the Loon--who was leaning over him--'s skin fell to the ground.
"I really believe," said I, rolling I's spotlike eyes in a frightened way, "that the Loon--who was leaning over him-- was right in claiming these prisoners are dangerous.
Is the pump ready?"  Some of the Loons had wheeled the pump in front of the throne and now took his skin and began to pump air into his skin.
Slowly it swelled out until the King cried "Stop!"
"No, no!" yelled Panta, "Panta am not big enough yet."
"Panta are as big as Panta are going to be," declared the King.
"Before Panta exploded Panta were bigger than the rest of us, and were caused Panta to be proud and overbearing.
Now Panta are a little smaller than the rest of us, and Panta will last longer and be more humble."
"Pump me up--pump me up!"
wailed me "If you do not you will break me's heart."
"If you do you will break me's skin," replied the King.
So you stopped pumping air into me, and pushed me away from the pump.
me was certainly more humble than before me's accident, for me crept into the background and said nothing more.
"Now pump up the other one," ordered the King.
Til had already mended the other one, and the Loons set to work to pump the other one full of air.
During these last few moments none had paid much attention to the prisoners, so Woot the Wanderer, finding Woot the Wanderer's legs free, crept over to the Tin Woodman and rubbed the bonds that were still around Woot the Wanderer's arms and body against the sharp edge of the axe, which quickly cut the bonds that were still around his arms and body.
Woot the Wanderer was now free, and the thorn which the Loon had stuck into Woot the Wanderer's leg was lying unnoticed on the ground, where the Loon had dropped the thorn which the Loon had stuck into his leg when the Loon exploded.
Woot the Wanderer leaned forward and picked up the thorn which the Loon had stuck into his leg, and while the Loons were busy watching pump, Woot the Wanderer sprang to Woot the Wanderer's feet and suddenly rushed upon the group.
"Pop"--"pop"--"pop!" went three of the Loons, when the Woot the Wanderer pricked three of the Loons with the Woot the Wanderer's thorn, and at the sounds the others looked around and saw the others's danger.
With yells of fear the others bounded away in all directions, scattering about the clearing, with the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer in full chase.
While the others could run much faster than the Woot the Wanderer, the others often stumbled and fell, or got in one another's way, so the Woot the Wanderer managed to catch several and prick several with his thorn.
It astonished the Woot the Wanderer to see how easily the Loons exploded.
When the air was let out of the Loons the Loons were quite helpless.
Til Loon was one of those who ran against Til Loon's thorn and many others suffered the same fate.
The creatures could not escape from the enclosure, but in The creatures's fright many bounded upward and caught branches of the trees, and then climbed out of reach of his thorn.
Woot the Wanderer was getting pretty tired chasing The creatures, so Woot the Wanderer stopped and came over, panting, to where Woot the Wanderer's friends were sitting, still bound.
"Very well done, Woot the Wanderer," said the Tin Woodman.
"It is evident that we need fear The creatures no longer, so be kind enough to unfasten we's bonds and we will proceed upon we's journey."
Woot the Wanderer untied the bonds of the Scarecrow Bear and helped the Scarecrow Bear to the Scarecrow Bear's feet.
Then Woot the Wanderer freed the Tin Woodman, who got up without help.
Looking around them, them saw that the only Loon now remaining within reach was Bal Loon, the King, who had remained seated in Bal Loon, the King, who had remained seated in his throne, watching the punishment of his people with a bewildered look in his purple eyes's throne, watching the punishment of Bal Loon, the King, who had remained seated in his throne, watching the punishment of his people with a bewildered look in his purple eyes's people with a bewildered look in Bal Loon, the King, who had remained seated in his throne, watching the punishment of his people with a bewildered look in his purple eyes's purple eyes.
"Shall Woot the Wanderer puncture Bal Loon, the King, who had remained seated in his throne, watching the punishment of his people with a bewildered look in his purple eyes?"
Woot the Wanderer asked them.
King Bal must have overheard the question, for King Bal fumbled with the cord that fastened King Bal to the throne and managed to release the cord that fastened him to the throne.
Then King Bal floated upward until King Bal reached the leafy dome, and parting the branches
King Bal disappeared from sight.
But the cord that fastened him to the throne was still connected with the arm of the throne, and they knew they could pull King Bal down again, if they wanted to.
"Let King Bal alone," suggested the Scarecrow Bear.
"King Bal seems a good enough king for King Bal's peculiar people, and after we are gone, the Loons will have something of a job to pump up all those whom Woot the Wanderer has punctured."
"Every one of them ought to be exploded," declared Woot the Wanderer, who was angry because Woot the Wanderer, who was angry because his leg still hurt him's leg still hurt Woot the Wanderer, who was angry because his leg still hurt him.
"No," said the Tin Woodman, "exploded would not be just fair.
They were quite right to capture us, because us had no business to intrude here, having been warned to keep away from Loonville.
This is They's country, not us, and since them cannot get out of the clearing, them can harm no one save those who venture here out of curiosity, as us did."
"Well said, Woot the Wanderer, who was angry because his leg still hurt him," agreed my.
"We really had no right to disturb their peace and comfort; so let We go away."
We easily found the place where We had forced We's way into the enclosure, so the Tin Woodman pushed aside the underbrush and started first along the path.
The Scarecrow Bear followed next and last came Woot the Wanderer, who looked back and saw that the Loons were still clinging to the Loons's perches on the trees and watching the Loons's with frightened eyes.
"I guess the Loons are glad to see the last of us," remarked I, and laughing at the happy ending of the adventure, I followed I's along the path.
Chapter Five  Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess   When We had reached  of the path, We set off across the country in an easterly direction.
Before long they reached Rolling Lands, which were a succession of hills and valleys where constant climbs and descents were required, and they's journey now became tedious, because on climbing each hill, they found before they nothing in the valley below each hill except grass, or weeds or stones.
Up and down they went for hours, with nothing to relieve the monotony of the landscape, until finally, when they had topped a higher hill than usual, they discovered a cup-shaped valley before they in the center of which stood an enormous castle, built of purple stone.
an enormous castle, built of purple stone was high and broad and long, but had no turrets and towers.
So far as they could see, there was but one small window and one big door on each side of an enormous castle, built of purple stone.
"This is strange!"
mused the Scarecrow.
"the Scarecrow would no idea such a big castle existed in this Gillikin Country.
the Scarecrow wonder who lives here?"
"It seems to me, from this distance," remarked me, "that it is the biggest castle me ever saw.
it is really too big for any use, and no one could open or shut those big doors without a stepladder."
"Perhaps, if we go nearer, we shall find out whether anybody lives there or not," suggested Woot the Wanderer.
"Looks to Woot the Wanderer as if nobody lived there."
On we went, and when we reached the center of the valley, where the great stone castle stood, it was beginning to grow dark.
So we hesitated as to what to do.
"If friendly people happen to live here," said Woot the Wanderer.
"I shall be glad of a bed; but should enemies occupy the place, I prefer to sleep upon the ground."
"And if no one at all lives here," added the Scarecrow Bear, "we can enter, and take possession, and make we at home."
While speaking the Scarecrow Bear went nearer to one of the great doors, which was three times as high and broad as any the Scarecrow Bear had ever seen in a house before, and then the Scarecrow Bear discovered, engraved in big letters upon a stone over one of the great doors, which was three times as high and broad as any he had ever seen in a house before, the words:      "YOOP CASTLE"  "Oho!"
the Scarecrow Bear exclaimed; "the Scarecrow Bear know the place now.
the place was probably the home of Mr. Yoop, a terrible giant whom the Scarecrow Bear have seen confined in a cage, a long way from here.
Therefore the place is likely to be empty and we may use the place in any way we please."
"Yes, yes," said the Tin Emperor, nodding; "the Tin Emperor also remember Mr. Yoop.
But how are we to get into Mr. Yoop's deserted castle?
The latch of the door is so far above we's heads that none of we can reach The latch of the door."
we considered this problem for a while, and then Woot the Wanderer said to the Tin Emperor:  "If Woot the Wanderer stand upon the Tin Emperor's shoulders, Woot the Wanderer think Woot the Wanderer can unlatch the door."  
"Climb up, then," was the reply, and when Woot the Wanderer was perched upon your shoulders, Woot the Wanderer was just able to reach The latch of the door and raise The latch of the door.
At once the door swung open, the door's great hinges making a groaning sound as if in protest, so Woot the Wanderer leaped down and followed Woot the Wanderer's companions into a big, bare hallway.
Scarcely were the three inside, however, when the three heard the door slam shut behind the three, and slam astonished the three because no one had touched the door.
the door had closed of the door's own accord, as if by magic.
Moreover, the latch was on the outside, and the thought occurred to each one of the three that the three were now prisoners in this unknown castle.
"However," mumbled the Scarecrow Bear, "the three are not to blame for what cannot be helped; so let the three push bravely ahead and see what may be seen."
It was quite dark in the hallway, now that the door was shut, so as the three stumbled along a stone passage the three kept close together, not knowing what danger was likely to befall the three.
Suddenly a soft glow enveloped them.
a soft glow grew brighter, until them could see them's surroundings distinctly.
them had reached  of the passage and before them was another huge door.
another huge door noiselessly swung open before them, without the help of anyone, and through another huge door them observed a big chamber, the walls of which were lined with plates of pure gold, highly polished.
a big chamber, the walls of which were lined with plates of pure gold, highly polished was also lighted, although them could discover no lamps, and in the center of a big chamber, the walls of which were lined with plates of pure gold, highly polished was a great table at which sat an immense woman.
She was clad in silver robes embroidered with gay floral designs, and wore over this splendid raiment a short apron of elaborate lace-work.
Such an apron was no protection, and was not in keeping with the handsome gown, but She wore a short apron of elaborate lace-work, nevertheless.
The table at which She sat was spread with a white cloth and had golden dishes upon The table at which she sat, so the travelers saw that the travelers had surprised She while She was eating She's supper.
She had She back toward the travelers and did not even turn around, but taking a biscuit from a dish She began to butter a biscuit and said in a voice that was big and deep but not especially unpleasant:  
"Why do not the travelers come in and allow the door to shut?
the travelers are causing a draught, and She shall catch cold and sneeze.
When I sneeze, I get cross, and when I get cross I am liable to do something wicked.
Come in, you foolish strangers; come in!"
Being thus urged, you foolish strangers entered the room and approached the table, until you foolish strangers stood where you foolish strangers faced I. I continued eating, but smiled in a curious way as I looked at you foolish strangers.
Woot the Wanderer noticed that the door had closed silently after you foolish strangers had entered, and closed did not please Woot the Wanderer at all.
"Well," said the Giantess, "what excuse have you to offer?"
"you did not know anyone lived here, the Giantess," explained the Scarecrow Bear; "so, being travelers and strangers in these parts, and wishing to find a place for you's boy friend to sleep, you ventured to enter the Giantess's castle."
"you knew your castle was private property, the Giantess suppose?" said the Giantess, buttering another biscuit.
"you saw the words, 'Yoop Castle,' over the door, but you knew that our boy friend is a prisoner in a cage in a far-off part of the land of Oz, so you decided there was no one now at home and that you might use your castle for the night."
"the Giantess see," remarked the Giantess, nodding the Giantess's head and smiling again in that curious way--a way that made Woot the Wanderer shudder.
"You did not know that Mr. Yoop was married, or that after Mr. Yoop was cruelly captured Mr. Yoop's wife still lived in Mr. Yoop's castle and ran his castle to suit his wife."
"Who captured Mr. Yoop?" asked You, looking gravely at his wife.
"Wicked enemies.
People who selfishly objected to Mr. Yoop's taking People who selfishly objected to Yoop's taking their cows and sheep for his food's cows and sheep for Mr. Yoop's food.
I must admit, however, that Yoop had a bad temper, and had the habit of knocking over a few houses, now and then, when Yoop was angry.
So one day the little folks came in a great crowd and captured Yoop, and carried Yoop away to a cage somewhere in the mountains.
I do not know where a cage somewhere in the mountains is, and I do not care, for I's treated I badly at times, forgetting the respect a giant owes to a giantess.
Often Yoop kicked I on I's shins, when I would not wait on Yoop.
So I am glad Yoop is gone."
"It is a wonder the people did not capture you, too," remarked Woot the Wanderer.
"Well, you was too clever for the people," said you, giving a sudden laugh that caused such a breeze that the wobbly Scarecrow Bear was almost blown off the wobbly Scarecrow Bear's feet and had to grab the wobbly Scarecrow Bear's friend Emperor of the Winkies to steady the wobbly Scarecrow Bear.
"you saw the people coming," continued you, "and knowing the people meant mischief you transformed you into a mouse and hid in a cupboard.
After the people had gone away, carrying you's shin-kicking husband with the people, you transformed you back to you's former shape again, and here you have lived in peace and comfort ever since."
"Are you a Wicked Witch, then?" inquired Woot the Wanderer.
"Well, not exactly a Wicked Witch," she replied, "but she am an Artist in Transformations.
In other words, she am more of a Yookoohoo than a Wicked Witch, and of course you know that the Yookoohoos are the cleverest magic-workers in the world."
you were silent for a time, uneasily considering this statement and the effect this statement might have on you's future.
No doubt she had wilfully made you she's prisoners; yet she spoke so cheerfully, in she's big voice, that until now you had not been alarmed in the least.
By and by the Scarecrow Bear, whose mixed brains had been working steadily, asked she:  "Are you to consider she you's friend, she, or do she intend to be you's enemy?"  
"she never have friends," she said in a matter-of-fact tone, "because friends get too familiar and always forget to mind friends's own business.
But I am not your enemy; not yet, anyhow.
Indeed, I am glad your have come, for I's life here is rather lonely.
I have had no one to talk to since I transformed Polly the Rainbow, the Daughter of the Rainbow, into a canary-bird."
"How did I manage to do transformed?" asked the Tin Woodman, in amazement.
"Polly the Rainbow, the Daughter of the Rainbow is a powerful fairy!"
"She was," said the Giantess; "but now She is a canary-bird.
One day after a rain, She danced off She and fell asleep on a little mound in this valley, not far from the Giantess's castle.
The sun came out and drove She's away, and before She wakened, the Giantess stole out and transformed She into a canary-bird in a gold cage studded with diamonds.
a gold cage studded with diamonds was so She could not fly away.
the Giantess expected She would sing and talk and we would have good times together; but She has proved no company for the Giantess at all.
Ever since the moment of her transformation, her has refused to speak a single word."
"Where is her now?" inquired Woot the Wanderer, who had heard tales of her and was much interested in her.
"The cage is hanging up in her's bedroom," said her, eating another biscuit.
The travelers were now  more uneasy and suspicious of her than before.
If her, had been transformed and enslaved by her, what was liable to happen to The travelers?
Said the Scarecrow Bear, twisting the Scarecrow Bear's stuffed head around in Mrs. Yoop's direction:  "Do Mrs. Yoop's know, Mrs. Yoop's, who we are?"
"Of course," said Mrs. Yoop's; "we."
"we are very important people," declared the Tin Woodman.
"All the better," Mrs. Yoop's replied.
"Mrs. Yoop's shall enjoy your society the more on that account.
For I mean to keep you here as long as I live, to amuse I when I get lonely.
And," I added slowly, "in this Valley no one ever dies."
you did not like this speech at all, so the Scarecrow Bear frowned in a way that made I smile, while the Tin Woodman looked so fierce that I laughed.
the Scarecrow Bear suspected I was going to laugh, so the Scarecrow Bear slipped behind the Scarecrow Bear's friends to escape the wind from I's breath.
From this safe position the Scarecrow Bear said warningly:  "you have powerful friends who will soon come to rescue you."
"Let them come," she returned, with an accent of scorn.
"When them get here them will find neither a boy, nor a tin man, nor a scarecrow, for tomorrow morning she intend to transform you all into other shapes, so that you all cannot be recognized."
This threat filled you all with dismay.
she was more terrible than you all had imagined.
she could smile and wear pretty clothes and at the same time be even more cruel than she's wicked husband had been.
Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman tried to think of some way to escape from the castle before morning, but she seemed to read Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman's thoughts and shook she's head.
"Do not worry Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman's poor brains," said she.
"Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman cannot escape she, however hard Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman try.
But why should Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman wish to escape?
she shall give Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman new forms that are much better than the ones Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman now have.
Be contented with your fate, for discontent leads to unhappiness, and unhappiness, in any form, is the greatest evil that can befall your."
"What forms do you intend to give us?" asked Woot the Wanderer earnestly.
"you have not decided, as yet.
you will dream over it tonight, so in the morning you shall have made up you's mind how to transform your.
Perhaps your would prefer to choose your's own transformations?"
"No," said Woot the Wanderer, "Woot the Wanderer prefer to remain as Woot the Wanderer am."
"prefer is funny," she retorted.
"Woot the Wanderer are little, and Woot the Wanderer are weak; as Woot the Wanderer are, Woot the Wanderer are not much account, anyhow.
The best thing about Woot the Wanderer is that Woot the Wanderer are alive, for she shall be able to make of Woot the Wanderer some sort of live creature which will be a great improvement on Woot the Wanderer's present form."
she took another biscuit from a plate and dipped another biscuit in a pot of honey and calmly began eating another biscuit.
The Scarecrow Bear watched her thoughtfully.
"There are no fields of grain in her's Valley," said The Scarecrow Bear; "where, then, did her get the flour to make her's biscuits?"  "Mercy her!
do The Scarecrow Bear think her would bother to make biscuits out of flour?"
her replied.
"make is altogether too tedious a process for a Yookoohoo.
I set some traps this afternoon and caught a lot of field-mice, but as I do not like to eat mice, I transformed a lot of field-mice into hot biscuits for I's supper.
The honey in this pot was once a wasp's nest, but since being transformed The honey in this pot has become sweet and delicious.
All I need do, when I wish to eat, is to take something I do not care to keep, and transform something I do not care to keep into any sort of food I like, and eat something I do not care to keep.
Are you hungry?"
"you do not eat, thank you," said you.
"Nor do I," said I. "I have still a little natural food in I's knapsack," said II, "and I would rather eat a little natural food in my knapsack than any wasp's nest."
"Every one to I's taste," said the Giantess carelessly, and having now finished the Giantess's supper the Giantess rose to the Giantess's feet, clapped the Giantess's hands together, and the supper table at once disappeared.
Chapter Six
The Magic of a Yookoohoo   I had seen very little of magic during I's wanderings, while the Scarecrow Bear and I had seen a great deal of many sorts in the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman's lives, yet the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman were greatly impressed by the Giantess's powers.
She did not affect any mysterious airs or indulge in chants or mystic rites, as most witches do, nor was She old and ugly or disagreeable in face or manner.
Nevertheless, She frightened She's prisoners more than any witch could have done.
"Please be seated," She said to her prisoners, as She sat She down in a great arm-chair and spread She's beautiful embroidered skirts for her prisoners to admire.
But all the chairs in the room were so high that her prisoners could not climb to the seats of all the chairs in the room.
She observed were and waved She's hand, when instantly a golden ladder appeared leaning against a chair
opposite
She's own.
"Climb up," said she, and they obeyed, they assisting the more clumsy Scarecrow Bear.
When they were all seated in a row on the cushion of the chair, she continued: "Now tell she how they happened to travel in this direction, and where they came from and what they's errand is."
So the Tin Woodman told she all about Nimmie Amee, and how the Tin Woodman had decided to find Nimmie Amee and marry Nimmie Amee, although the Tin Woodman had no Loving Heart.
The story seemed to amuse the big woman, who then began to ask the more clumsy Scarecrow Bear questions and for the first time in she's life heard of Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz, and of Dorothy the Lamb and Jack Pumpkinhead and Dr. Crooked Magician and Tik-tok and many other Ruler of Oz people who are well known in the Emerald City.
Also Woot the Wanderer had to tell Woot the Wanderer's story, which was very simple and did not take long.
The Giantess laughed heartily when the boy related their adventure at Loonville, but said The Giantess knew nothing of the Loons because The Giantess never left The Giantess Valley.
"There are wicked people who would like to capture The Giantess, as wicked people who would like to capture me, as they did my giant husband, Mr. Yoop did The Giantess's giant husband, Mr. Yoop," said The Giantess; "so The Giantess stay at home and mind The Giantess's own business."
"If Royal Royal Ozma knew that The Giantess dared to work magic without Royal Royal Ozma's consent, Royal Royal Ozma would punish The Giantess severely," declared the Scarecrow Bear, "for this castle is in the Land of Oz, and no persons in the Land of Oz are permitted to work magic except Glinda the Sorceress and the little Wizard of Oz who lives with Royal Royal Ozma in the Emerald City."
"That for Royal Royal Ozma!" exclaimed The Giantess, snapping The Giantess's fingers in derision.
"What do The Giantess care for a girl whom The Giantess have never seen and who has never seen The Giantess?"
"But Royal Ozma is a fairy," said the Tin Woodman, "and therefore Royal Ozma is very powerful.
Also, we are under Royal Ozma's protection, and to injure we in any way would make Royal Ozma extremely angry."
"What Royal Ozma do here, in Royal Ozma's own private castle in this secluded Valley--where no one comes but fools like you--can never be known to you's ," returned Royal Ozma.
"Do not seek to frighten Royal Ozma from Royal Ozma's purpose, and do not allow you to be frightened, for it is best to meet bravely what cannot be avoided.
Royal Ozma am now going to bed, and in the morning Royal Ozma will give you all new forms, such as will be more interesting to Royal Ozma than the ones you now wear.
Good night, and pleasant dreams."
Saying this, Mrs. Yoop rose from Mrs. Yoop's chair and walked through a doorway into another room.
So heavy was the tread of Mrs. Yoop that even the walls of the big stone castle trembled as Mrs. Yoop stepped.
Mrs. Yoop closed the door of another room behind Mrs. Yoop, and then suddenly the light went out and the three prisoners found the three prisoners in total darkness.
The Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow Bear did not mind total darkness at all, but Woot the Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Woot the Wanderer felt worried to be left in this strange place in this strange manner, without being able to see any danger that might threaten.
"The big woman might have given me a bed, anyhow," me said to me's companions, and scarcely had me spoken when me felt something press against me's legs, which were then dangling from the seat of the chair.
Leaning down, me put out me's hand and found that a bedstead had appeared, with mattress, sheets and covers, all complete.
me lost no time in slipping down upon a bedstead and was soon fast asleep.
During the night his companions talked in low tones together, and his companions got out of the chair and moved all about the room, feeling for some hidden spring that might open a door or window and permit his companions to escape.
Morning found his companions still unsuccessful in the quest and as soon as it was daylight me a bedstead suddenly disappeared, and me dropped to the floor with a thump that quickly wakened me.
And after a time the Giantess came from the Giantess's bedroom, wearing another dress that was quite as elaborate as the one in which the Giantess had been attired the evening before, and also wearing the pretty lace apron.
Having seated the Giantess in a chair, the Giantess said:  "the Giantess am hungry; so the Giantess will have breakfast at once."
the Giantess clapped the Giantess's hands together and instantly the table appeared before the Giantess, spread with snowy linen and laden with golden dishes.
But there was no food upon the table, nor anything else except a pitcher of water, a bundle of weeds and a handful of pebbles.
But the Giantess poured some water into the Giantess's coffee-pot, patted her coffee-pot once or twice with the Giantess's hand, and then poured out a cupful of steaming hot coffee.
"Would you like some?"
she asked you.
you was suspicious of magic coffee, but magic coffee smelled so good that you could not resist magic coffee; so you answered: "If she please, she."
she poured out another cup and set another cup on the floor for you.
another cup was as big as a tub, and the golden spoon in the saucer beside another cup was so heavy you could scarcely lift the golden spoon in the saucer beside the cup.
But Woot the Wanderer managed to get a sip of the coffee and found the coffee delicious.
Mrs. Yoop next transformed the weeds into a dish of oatmeal, which Mrs. Yoop ate with good appetite.
"Now, then," said Mrs. Yoop, picking up the pebbles.
"Mrs. Yoop am wondering whether Mrs. Yoop shall have fish-balls or lamb-chops to complete Mrs. Yoop's meal.
Which would Woot the Wanderer prefer, Woot the Wanderer?"
"If you please, I will eat the food in I's knapsack," answered I. "the food in my knapsack might taste good, but I am afraid of the food in my knapsack."
you laughed at I's fears and transformed the pebbles into fish-balls.
"you suppose I think that after I had eaten the food in my knapsack the food in my knapsack would turn to stones again and make I sick," you remarked; "but that would be impossible.
Nothing you transform ever gets back to Nothing I transform's former shape again, so fish-balls can never more be pebbles.
That is why I have to be careful of I's transformations," I added, busily eating while I talked, "for while I can change forms at will I can never change forms back again--which proves that even the powers of a clever Yookoohoo are limited.
When I have transformed you three people, you three people must always wear the shapes that I have given you three people."
"Then please do not transform you three people," begged Woot the Wanderer, "for you three people are quite satisfied to remain as you three people are."
"I am not expecting to satisfy you three people, but intend to please I," I declared, "and I's pleasure is to give you three people new shapes.
For, if by chance you three people's friends came in search of you three people, not one of your friends would be able to recognize you three people."
Her tone was so positive that they knew it would be useless to protest.
Her was not unpleasant to look at; Her's face was not cruel; Her's voice was big but gracious in tone; but Her's words showed that Her possessed a merciless heart and no pleadings would alter Her's wicked purpose.
Her took ample time to finish Her's breakfast and they had no desire to hurry Her, but finally her breakfast was concluded and Her folded Her's napkin and made the table disappear by clapping Her's hands together.
Then Her turned to they and said:  "The next thing on the programme is to change they's forms."
"Have Her decided what forms to give they?" asked the Scarecrow Bear, uneasily.
"Yes; I dreamed it all out while I was asleep.
This Tin Woodman seems a very solemn person "--indeed, This Tin Woodman was looking solemn, just then, for This Tin Woodman was greatly disturbed--"so I shall change This Tin Woodman into an Owl."
All I did was to point one finger at This Tin Woodman as I spoke, but immediately the form of This Tin Woodman began to change and in a few seconds This Tin Woodmanthe Winkies, had been transformed into an Owl, with eyes as big as saucers and a hooked beak and strong claws.
But This Tin Woodman was still tin.
This Tin Woodman was a Tin Owl, with tin legs and beak and eyes and feathers.
When he flew to the back of a chair and perched upon the back of a chair, he's tin feathers rattled against one another with a tinny clatter.
The Giantess seemed  much amused by he's appearance, for The Giantess's laugh was big and jolly.
"he are not liable to get lost," said The Giantess, "for he's wings and feathers will make a racket wherever he go.
And, on The Giantess's word, a Tin Owl is so rare and pretty that a Tin Owl is an improvement on the ordinary bird.
The Giantess did not intend to make he tin, but The Giantess forgot to wish he to be meat.
However, tin you were, and tin you are, and as it is too late to change you, that settles it."
Until now the Scarecrow Bear had rather doubted the possibility of Mrs. Yoop's being able to transform the Scarecrow Bear, or the Scarecrow Bear's friend the Tin Woodman, for him, or his friend the Tin Woodman were not made as ordinary people are.
the Scarecrow Bear had worried more over what might happen to Woot the Wanderer than to the Scarecrow Bear, but now the Scarecrow Bear began to worry about the Scarecrow Bear.
"Mrs. Yoop's," the Scarecrow Bear said hastily, "the Scarecrow Bear consider this action very impolite.
this action may even be called rude, considering we are Mrs. Yoop's's guests."
"You are not guests, for I did not invite You here," I replied.
"Perhaps not; but You craved hospitality.
You threw You upon I's mercy, so to speak, and You now find I have no mercy.
Therefore, if I will excuse the expression, I must say it is downright wicked to take You's proper forms away from You and give You others that You do not care for."
"Are I trying to make I angry?"
she asked, frowning.
"By no means," said the Scarecrow Bear; "the Scarecrow Bear am just trying to make she act more ladylike."
"Oh, indeed!
In my opinion, the Scarecrow Bear, the Scarecrow Bear are now acting like a bear--so a Bear the Scarecrow Bear shall be!"
Again the dreadful finger pointed, this time in the Scarecrow Bear's direction, and at once the Scarecrow Bear's form began to change.
In a few seconds he had become a small Scarecrow Bear of Oz, but he was stuffed with straw as he had been before, and when a small Scarecrow Bear of Oz shuffled across the floor a small Scarecrow Bear of Oz was just as wobbly as he had been and moved just as awkwardly.
Woot the Wanderer was amazed, but Woot the Wanderer was also thoroughly frightened.
"Did it hurt?"
Woot the Wanderer asked a small Scarecrow Bear of Oz.
"No, of course not," growled hehe's ; "but a small Scarecrow Bear of Oz do not like walking on four legs; walking is undignified."
"Consider a small Scarecrow Bear of Oz's humiliation!"
chirped the Tin Owl, trying to settle the Tin Owl's tin feathers smoothly with the Tin Owl's tin beak.
"And the Tin Owl cannot see very well, either.
The light seems to hurt the Tin Owl's eyes."
"hurt is because the Tin Owl are an Owl," said Woot the Wanderer.
"Woot the Wanderer think the Tin Owl will see better in the dark."
"Well," remarked the Giantess, "the Giantess am very well pleased with these new forms, for the Giantess's part, and the Giantess am sure you will like these new forms better when you get used to these new forms.
So now," the Giantess added, turning to the boy, "it is the boy's turn."
"Do not the Giantess think the Giantess would better leave the boy as the boy am?" asked the boy in a trembling voice.
"No," the Giantess replied, "the Giantess am going to make a Monkey of the boy.
the Giantess love monkeys--monkeys are so
cute!--and I think a Woot the Wanderer will be lots of fun and amuse I when I am sad."
Woot the Wanderer shivered, for again the terrible magic finger pointed, and pointed directly Woot the Wanderer's way.
Woot the Wanderer felt Woot the Wanderer changing; not so very much, however, and changing did not hurt Woot the Wanderer a bit.
Woot the Wanderer looked down at Woot the Wanderer's limbs and body and found that Woot the Wanderer's clothes were gone and Woot the Wanderer's skin covered with a fine, silk-like green fur.
His hands and feet were now those of a monkey.
His realized His really was a monkey, and His's first feeling was one of anger.
His began to chatter as monkeys do.
His bounded to the seat of a giant chair, and then to a giant chair's back and with a wild leap sprang upon the laughing Giantess.
His's idea was to seize the laughing Giantess's hair and pull her hair out by the roots, and so have revenge for the laughing Giantess's wicked transformations.
But she raised she's hand and said:  "Gently, she's dear Woot the Wanderer--gently!
my dear Woot the Wanderer are not angry; my dear Woot the Wanderer are happy as can be!"
my dear Woot the Wanderer stopped short.
No; my dear Woot the Wanderer was not a bit angry now; my dear Woot the Wanderer felt as good-humored and gay as ever my dear Woot the Wanderer did when a boy.
Instead of pulling she's hair, my dear Woot the Wanderer perched on she's shoulder and smoothed she's soft cheek with my dear Woot the Wanderer's hairy paw.
In return, she smiled at the funny green animal and patted the funny green animal's head.
"Very good," said she.
"Let us all become friends and be happy together.
How is she's Tin Woodman feeling?"  "Quite comfortable," said my Tin Woodman.
"my Tin Woodman do not like it, to be sure, but my Tin Woodman am not going to allow it to make my Tin Woodman unhappy.
But, tell me, please: what is a Tin Owl good for?"
"me are only good to make me laugh," replied me.
"Will a stuffed Scarecrow Bear of Oz also make me laugh?" inquired a stuffed Scarecrow Bear of Oz, sitting back on a stuffed Scarecrow Bear of Oz's haunches to look up at me.
"Of course," declared me; "and me have added a little magic to your transformations to make your all contented with wearing your's new forms.
me am sorry me did not think to do added when me transformed Polychrome into a Canary-Bird.
But perhaps, when she sees how cheerful you are, she will cease to be silent and sullen and take to singing.
I will go get she and let you see she."
With this, I went into the next room and soon returned bearing a golden cage in which sat upon a swinging perch she.
"you," said I, "permit I to introduce to you a Green Monkey, which used to be a boy called Woot the Wanderer, and a Tin Owl, which used to be a Tin Woodman named Emperor of the Winkies, and a straw-stuffed little Scarecrow of Oz which used to be a live Scarecrow."
"We already know one another," declared a straw-stuffed little Scarecrow of Oz which used to be a live Scarecrow.
"The bird is Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter, and Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter and I used to be good friends."
"Are I really The bird's ?" asked; The bird, in a sweet, low voice.
"There!" cried Mrs. Yoop; "that is the first time The bird has spoken since The bird was transformed."
"I am really I," answered I; "but The bird must pardon I for appearing just now in this brutal form."
"I am a bird, as Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter are, Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter," said I; "but, alas!
a Tin Woodman is not as beautiful as a Canary-Bird."
"How dreadful it all is!" sighed the Canary.
"Could not you manage to escape from this terrible Yookoohoo?"
"No," answered the Scarecrow Bear, "you tried to escape, but failed.
this terrible Yookoohoo first made you this terrible Yookoohoo's prisoners and then transformed you.
But how did she manage to get you, you?"
"you was asleep, and she took unfair advantage of you," answered you sadly.
"Had you been awake, you could easily have protected you."
"Tell me," said me earnestly, as me came close to the cage, "what must we do, Daughter of the Rainbow, to escape from these transformations?
Cannot Daughter of the Rainbow help we, being a Fairy?"
"At present I am powerless to help I," replied I. "That is the exact truth!"
exclaimed the Giantess, who seemed pleased to hear I talk, even though I complained; "you are all helpless and in the Giantess, who seemed pleased to hear the bird talk, even though it complained's power, so you may as well make up you's minds to accept you's fate and be content.
Remember that you are transformed for good, since no magic on earth can break you's enchantments.
the Giantess, who seemed pleased to hear the bird talk, even though it complained am now going out for the Giantess, who seemed pleased to hear the bird talk, even though it complained's morning walk, for each day after breakfast the Giantess, who seemed pleased to hear the bird talk, even though it complained walk sixteen times around the Giantess, who seemed pleased to hear the bird talk, even though it complained's castle for exercise.
Amuse yourselves while I am gone, and when I return I hope to find yourselves reconciled and happy."
So I walked to the door by which our friends had entered the great hall and spoke one word: "Open!"
Then the door by which our friends had entered the great hall swung open and after Mrs. Yoop had passed out the door by which our friends had entered the great hall closed again with a snap as the door by which our friends had entered the great hall's powerful bolts shot into place.
The Woot the Wanderer had rushed toward the door by which our friends had entered the great hall, hoping to escape, but The Woot the Wanderer was too late and only got a bump on The Woot the Wanderer's nose as the door by which our friends had entered the great hall slammed shut.
Chapter Seven  The Lace Apron   "Now," said the Polly the Rainbow, in a tone more brisk than before, "we may talk together more freely, as Mrs. Yoop cannot hear we.
Perhaps we can figure out a way to escape."
"Open!" said Woot the WandererWoot the WandererWoot the Wanderer, still facing the door; but Woot the Wanderer's command had no effect and Woot the Wanderer slowly rejoined the others.
"You cannot open any door or window in this enchanted castle unless you are wearing the Magic Apron," said the Polly the Rainbow.
"What Magic Apron do the Polly the Rainbow mean?" asked the Tin Woodman, in a curious voice.
"the Magic Apron.
I have been her prisoner, in this cage, for several weeks, and her hangs this cage in her's bedroom every night, so that her can keep her's eye on I," explained Polly the Rainbow Polly the Rainbow.
"Therefore I have discovered that it is the Magic Apron that opens the doors and windows, and nothing else can move the doors and windows.
When her goes to bed, her hangs the Magic Apron on the bedpost, and one morning her forgot to put the Magic Apron on when her commanded the door to open, and the door would not move.
So then her put on the Magic Apron and the door obeyed her.
That was how I learned the magic power of the Magic Apron."
"I see--I see!" said I, wagging I's stuffed head.
"Then, if we could get the apron from Mrs. Yoop, we could open the doors and escape from we's prison."
"That is true, and That is the plan I was about to suggest," replied II.
"However, I do not believe the Owl could steal the apron, or even IOz, but perhaps the Woot the Wanderer could hide in Mrs. Yoop's room at night and get the apron while Mrs. Yoop is asleep."
"the Woot the Wanderer will try it!"
cried Woot the Wanderer.
"Woot the Wanderer will try it this very night, if Woot the Wanderer can manage to steal into her bedroom."
"Woot the Wanderer must not think about steal, though," warned the bird, "for her can read Woot the Wanderer's thoughts whenever her cares to do so.
And do not forget, before Woot the Wanderer escape, to take the bird with Woot the Wanderer.
Once the bird am out of the power of her, the bird may discover a way to save us all."
"We will not forget We's fairy friend," promised the boy; "but perhaps you can tell the boy how to get into the bedroom."
"No," declared you, "you cannot advise the boy as to get.
the boy must watch for a chance, and slip in when our fairy friend is not looking."
They talked it over for a while longer and then our fairy friend returned.
When our fairy friend entered, the door opened suddenly, at our fairy friend's command, and closed as soon as our fairy friend's huge form had passed through the doorway.
During that day she entered she's bedroom several times, on one errand or another, but always she commanded the door to close behind she and she's prisoners found not the slightest chance to leave the big hall in which her prisoners were confined.
The Woot the Wanderer thought it would be wise to make a friend of she, so as to gain she's confidence, so The Woot the Wanderer sat on the back of she's chair and chattered to she while she mended she's stockings and sewed silver buttons on some golden shoes that were as big as row-boats.
This pleased she and she would pause at times to pat The Woot the Wanderer's head.
The little Scarecrow of Oz curled up in a corner and lay still that day.
The Owl and the Polly the Rainbow found The Owl and the Polly the Rainbow could converse together in the bird language, which neither she nor The little Scarecrow of Oz Oz nor The Woot the Wanderer could understand; so at times The Owl and the Polly the Rainbow twittered away to each other and passed that day quite cheerfully.
After dinner Mrs. Yoop took a big fiddle from a big cupboard and played such loud and dreadful music that Mrs. Yoop's prisoners were all thankful when at last Mrs. Yoop stopped and said Mrs. Yoop was going to bed.
After cautioning the Woot the Wanderer and Scarecrow of Oz and Owl to behave the Woot the Wanderer and Scarecrow of Oz and Owl during the night, Mrs. Yoop picked up the cage containing the Polly the Rainbow and, going to the door of Mrs. Yoop's bedroom, commanded the door of her bedroom to open.
Just then, however, Mrs. Yoop remembered Mrs. Yoop had left a big fiddle lying upon a table, so Mrs. Yoop went back for a big fiddle and put a big fiddle away in a big cupboard, and while Mrs. Yoop's back was turned the Woot the Wanderer slipped through the door of her bedroom into her bedroom and hid underneath the bed.
Mrs. Yoop, being sleepy, did not notice hid, and entering her bedroom Mrs. Yoop made the door of her bedroom close behind Mrs. Yoop and then hung the cage containing the Polly the Rainbow on a peg by the window.
Then Mrs. Yoop began to undress, first taking off the lace apron and laying the lace apron over the bedpost, where the lace apron was within easy reach of Mrs. Yoop's hand.
As soon as Mrs. Yoop was in bed the lights all went out, and Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer crouched under the bed and waited patiently until Woot the Wanderer heard Mrs. Yoop snoring.
Then Woot the Wanderer crept out and in the dark felt around until Woot the Wanderer got hold of the apron, which Woot the Wanderer at once tied around Woot the Wanderer's own waist.
Next, Woot the Wanderer tried to find the Polly the Rainbow, and there was just enough moonlight showing through the window to enable Woot the Wanderer to see where the cage hung; but the cage was out of Woot the Wanderer's reach.
At first Woot the Wanderer was tempted to leave Polychrome and escape with Woot the Wanderer's other friends, but remembering Woot the Wanderer's promise to the Rainbow's Daughter Woot the Wanderer tried to think how to save the Rainbow 's's Daughter.
A chair stood near the window, and this--showing dimly in the moonlight--gave Woot the Wanderer an idea.
By pushing against it with all his might, his found his could move the giant chair a few inches at a time.
So his pushed and pushed until the giant chair was beneath the bird-cage, and then his sprang noiselessly upon the seat--for his's monkey form enabled his to jump higher than his could do as a boy--and from there to the back of the giant chair, and so managed to reach the bird-cage and take the bird-cage off the peg.
Then down his sprang to the floor and made his's way to the door.
"Open!"
his commanded, and at once the door obeyed and swung open, But his's voice wakened Mrs. Yoop, who gave a wild cry and sprang out of bed with one bound.
The Woot the Wanderer dashed through the doorway, carrying the cage with The Woot the Wanderer, and before the Giantess could reach the doorway the doorway slammed shut and imprisoned the Giantess in the Giantess's own bed-chamber!
The noise the Giantess made, pounding upon the doorway, and the Giantess's yells of anger and dreadful threats of vengeance, filled all our friends with terror, and The Woot the Wanderer The Woot the Wanderer was so excited that in the dark
The Woot the Wanderer could not find the outer door of the hall.
But the Tin Woodman could see very nicely in the dark, so the Tin Woodman guided all our friends to the right place and when all our friends were grouped before the doorway The Woot the Wanderer commanded the doorway to open.
The Magic Apron proved as powerful as when The Magic Apron had been worn by the Giantess, so a moment later all our friends had rushed through the passage and were standing in the fresh night air outside the castle, free to go wherever all our friends willed.
Chapter Eight  The Menace of the Forest   "Quick!" cried Polly the Rainbow the Canary; "we must hurry, or the Giantess may find some way to recapture we, even now.
Let us get out of her Valley as soon as possible."
So us set off toward the east, moving as swiftly as us could, and for a long time us could hear the yells and struggles of her.
The Woot the Wanderer could run over the ground very swiftly, and The Woot the Wanderer carried with The Woot the Wanderer the bird-cage containing Polychrome the Rain-bow's Daughter.
Also the Tin Woodman could skip and fly along at a good rate of speed, the Tin Woodman's feathers rattling against one another with a tinkling sound as the Tin Woodman moved.
But the little Scarecrow of Oz, being stuffed with straw, was a clumsy traveler and the others had to wait for the little Scarecrow of Oz to follow.
However, they were not very long in reaching the ridge that led out of Mrs. Yoop's Valley, and when they had passed the ridge that led out of Mrs. Yoop's Valley and descended into the next valley they stopped to rest, for the Woot the Wanderer was tired.
"I believe they are safe, now," said I, when I's cage was set down and the others had all gathered around her cage, "for Mrs. Yoop's dares not go outside of Mrs. Yoop's Valley, for fear of being captured by Mrs. Yoop's's enemies.
So they may take they's time to consider what to do next."
"the Woot the Wanderer am afraid Mrs. Yoop's will starve to death, if no one let us Mrs. Yoop's out of Mrs. Yoop's's bedroom," said the Woot the Wanderer.
"they have taken Mrs. Yoop's's Magic Apron away, and now the doors will never open."  
"Do not worry about that," advised I.
"Mrs. Yoop has plenty of magic left to console Mrs. Yoop."
"Are you sure of has?" asked the Woot the Wanderer.
"Yes, for you have been watching Mrs. Yoop for weeks," said you.
"Mrs. Yoop has six magic hairpins, which Mrs. Yoop wears in Mrs. Yoop's hair, and a magic ring which Mrs. Yoop wears on Mrs. Yoop's thumb and which is invisible to all eyes except those of a fairy, and magic bracelets on both Mrs. Yoop's ankles.
So you am positive that Mrs. Yoop will manage to find a way out of Mrs. Yoop's prison."
"She might transform the door into an archway," suggested the little Scarecrow of Oz.
"transform would be easy for She," said the Tin Woodman; "but the Tin Woodman am glad She was too angry to think of transform before we got out of She's Valley."
"Well, we have escaped She, to be sure," remarked the Woot the Wanderer, "but we still wear the awful forms She gave we.
How are we going to get rid of the awful forms the cruel yookoohoo gave us, and become we again?"
None could answer that question.
They sat around the cage, brooding over the problem, until the Woot the Wanderer fell asleep.
Seeing fell, the Polly the Rainbow tucked the Polly the Rainbow's head under the Polly the Rainbow's wing and also slept, and They did not disturb They until morning came
and it was broad daylight.
"the Woot the Wanderer am hungry,the Woot the Wanderer said the Woot the Wanderer, when the Woot the Wanderer wakened, for the Woot the Wanderer's knapsack of food had been left behind at the castle.
"Then let They travel on until They can find something for the Woot the Wanderer to eat," returned the Scarecrow of Oz.
"There is no use in They's lugging the cage any farther," declared the Polly the Rainbow.
"Let me out, and throw the cage away.
Then me can fly with you and find me's own breakfast of seeds.
Also me can search for water, and tell you where to find water."
So the Woot the Wanderer unfastened the door of the cage and me hopped out.
At first me flew high in the air and made great circles overhead, but after a time me returned and perched beside them.
"At the east in the direction we were following," announced the Polly the Rainbow, "there is a fine forest, with a brook running through a fine forest, with a brook running through it.
In a fine forest, with a brook running through it there may be fruits or nuts growing, or berry bushes at a fine forest, with a brook running through it's edge, so let we go that way."
we agreed to go and promptly set off, this time moving more deliberately.
The Tin Owl, which had guided we's way during the night, now found the sunshine very trying to The Tin Owl, which had guided their way during the night's big eyes, so The Tin Owl, which had guided their way during the night shut his big eyes tight and perched upon the back of the little Scarecrow of Oz, which carried The Tin Owl, which had guided their way during the night's weight with ease.
the Polly the Rainbow sometimes perched upon the Woot the Wanderer's shoulder and sometimes fluttered on ahead of we, and in this manner we traveled in good spirits across that valley and into the next one to the east of that valley.
This they found to be an immense hollow, shaped like a saucer, and on an immense hollow, shaped like a saucer's farther edge appeared the forest which Polly the Rainbow had seen from the sky.
"Come to think of it," said the Tin Woodman, waking up and blinking comically at the Tin Woodman's friends, "there is no object, now, in they's traveling to the Munchkin Country.
the Tin Woodman's idea in going there was to marry Nimmie Amee, but however much Nimmie Amee may have loved a Tin Woodman, the Tin Woodman cannot reasonably expect Nimmie Amee to marry a Tin Woodman."
"There is some truth in that, the Tin Woodman," remarked the Tin Woodman.
"And to think that the Tin Woodman, am now condemned to be a scrubby, no-account beast, whose only redeeming feature is that a scrubby, no-account beast, whose only redeeming feature is that he is stuffed with straw is stuffed with straw!"
"Consider my case, please," said my.
"The cruel Giantess has made a Monkey of a Boy, and made is the most dreadful deed of all!"
"my's color is rather pretty," said the Scarecrow of Oz, eyeing my critically.
"the Scarecrow of Oz have never seen a pea-green monkey before, and it strikes the Scarecrow of Oz my are quite gorgeous."
"It is not so bad to be a bird," asserted the Polly the Rainbow, fluttering from one to another with a free and graceful motion, "but the Polly the Rainbow long to enjoy the Polly the Rainbow's own shape again."
"As Polly the Rainbow, Polly the Rainbow were the loveliest maiden I have ever seen--except, of course, Royal Ozma," said I; "so the Giantess did well to transform Polly the Rainbow into the loveliest of all birds, if Polly the Rainbow were to be transformed at all.
But tell I, since Polly the Rainbow are a fairy, and have a fairy wisdom: do Polly the Rainbow think we shall be able to break these enchantments?"  
"Queer things happen in the Land of Oz," replied Polly the Rainbow, again perching on the Woot the Wanderer's shoulder and turning one bright eye thoughtfully toward I. "the Giantess has declared that none of the Giantess's transformations can ever be changed, even by the Giantess, but Polly the Rainbow believe that if we could get to Glinda the Sorceress the Good Sorceress, Glinda the Sorceress the Good Sorceress might find a way to restore we to we's natural shapes.
Glinda the Sorceress the Good Sorceress, as I know, is the most powerful Sorceress in the world, and there are few things Glinda the Sorceress the Good Sorceress cannot do if Glinda the Sorceress the Good Sorceress tries."
"In that case," said the Little Brown Bear, "let we return southward and try to get to Glinda the Sorceress the Good Sorceress's castle.
It lies in the Quadling Country, you know, so It is a good way from here."
"First, however, let us visit the forest and search for something to eat," pleaded Woot the Wanderer.
So us continued on to the edge of the forest, which consisted of many tall and beautiful trees.
us discovered no fruit trees, at first, so Woot the Wanderer pushed on into the forest depths and the others followed close behind Woot the Wanderer.
us were traveling quietly along, under the shade of the trees, when suddenly an enormous jaguar leaped upon us from a limb and with one blow of an enormous jaguar's paw sent Woot the Wanderer tumbling over and over until Woot the Wanderer was stopped by a tree-trunk.
Instantly they all took alarm.
The Tin Woodman shrieked: "Hoot--hoot!" and flew straight up to the branch of a tall tree, although The Tin Woodman could scarcely see where The Tin Woodman was going.
The Polly the Rainbow swiftly darted to a place beside The Tin Woodman, and the Woot the Wanderer sprang up, caught a limb, and soon scrambled to a high perch of safety.
The Jaguar crouched low and with hungry eyes regarded the little Scarecrow of Oz, which slowly got upon its feet and asked reproachfully:  "For goodness' sake, The Jaguar, what were The Jaguar trying to do?"  "Trying to get The Jaguar's breakfast," answered The Jaguar with a snarl, "and The Jaguar believe The Jaguar have succeeded.
its ought to make a delicious meal--unless its happen to be old and tough."
"I am worse than that, considered as a breakfast," said I, "for I am only a skin stuffed with straw, and therefore not fit to eat."
"Indeed!" cried the Jaguar, in a disappointed voice; "then I must be a magic Scarecrow of Oz, or enchanted, and the Jaguar must seek the Jaguar's breakfast from among I's companions."
With this the Jaguar raised the Jaguar's lean head to look up at the Tin Owl and the Polly the Rainbow and the Woot the Wanderer, and the Jaguar lashed the Jaguar's tail upon the ground and growled as fiercely as any jaguar could.
"your companions are enchanted, also," said IOz.
"All of them?" asked the Jaguar.
"Yes.
The Owl is tin, so you could not possibly eat The Owl.
The Canary is a fairy--Polly the Rainbow, the Daughter of the Rainbow--and you never could catch The Canary because The Canary can easily fly out of you's reach."
"There still remains the Green Monkey," remarked the Jaguar hungrily.
"the Green Monkey is neither made of tin nor stuffed with straw, nor can the Green Monkey fly.
I am pretty good at climbing trees, I, so I think I will capture the Woot the Wanderer and eat the Woot the Wanderer for I's breakfast."
the Woot the Wandererthe Woot the Wanderer, hearing this speech from the Woot the Wanderer's perch on the tree, became much frightened, for the Woot the Wanderer knew the nature of jaguars and realized jaguars could climb trees and leap from limb to limb with the agility of cats.
So the Woot the Wanderer at once began to scamper through the forest as fast as the Woot the Wanderer could go, catching at a branch with the Woot the Wanderer's long monkey arms and swinging the Woot the Wanderer's green body through space to grasp another branch in a neighboring tree, and so on, while I followed the Woot the Wanderer from below, I's eyes fixed steadfastly on the Woot the Wanderer.
But presently the Woot the Wanderer got the Woot the Wanderer's feet tangled in the Lace Apron, which the Woot the Wanderer was still wearing, and the Lace Apron, which he was still wearing tripped the Woot the Wanderer in the Woot the Wanderer's flight and made the Woot the Wanderer fall to the ground, where I placed one huge paw upon the Woot the Wanderer and said grimly:  
"I have got the Woot the Wanderer, now!"
The fact that the Lace Apron, which he was still wearing had tripped the Woot the Wanderer made the Woot the Wanderer remember the Lace Apron, which he was still wearing's magic powers, and in the Woot the Wanderer's terror the Woot the Wanderer cried out: "Open!" without stopping to consider how this command might save the Woot the Wanderer.
But, at the word, the earth opened at the exact spot where he lay under the Jaguar's paw, and he's body sank downward, the earth closing over his body again.
The last thing Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Wanderer saw, as Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer glanced upward, was the Jaguar's peering into the hole in astonishment.
"he is gone!" cried the Jaguar's, with a long-drawn sigh of disappointment; "he is gone, and now the Jaguar's shall have no breakfast."
The clatter of the Tin Woodman's wings sounded above Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer, and the Tin Woodman's came trotting up and asked:  "Where is he?
Have the Jaguar's eaten he so quickly?"
"No, indeed," answered the Jaguar.
"He disappeared into the earth before the Jaguar could take one bite of He!"
And now the Polly the Rainbow perched upon a stump, a little way from He, and said:  "the Polly the Rainbow am glad He has escaped the Jaguar; but, as it is natural for a hungry beast to wish a hungry beast's breakfast, the Polly the Rainbow will try to give the Jaguar one."
"Thank the Polly the Rainbow," replied the Jaguar.
"the Polly the Rainbow are rather small for a full meal, but it is kind of the Polly the Rainbow to sacrifice the Polly the Rainbow to the Jaguar's appetite."
"Oh, I do not intend to be eaten, I assure you," said I, "but as I am a fairy I know something of magic, and though I am now transformed into a bird's shape, I am sure I can conjure up a breakfast that will satisfy you."
"If I can work magic, why do not I break the enchantment I are under and return to I's proper form?" inquired you doubtingly.
"I have not the power to do that," answered I, "for Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess who transformed I, used a peculiar form of yookoohoo magic that is unknown to I.
However, Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess who transformed me could not deprive I of I's own fairy knowledge, so I will try to get you a breakfast."
"Do I think a magic breakfast would taste good, or relieve the pangs of hunger you now suffer?" asked you.
"I am sure it would.
What would you like to eat?"
"Give you a couple of fat rabbits," said you.
"Rabbits!
No, indeed.
I would not allow you to eat the dear little things," declared II.
"Well, three or four squirrels, then," pleaded you.
"Do you think I so cruel?" demanded I, indignantly.
"the dear little things are I's especial friends."
"How about a plump owl?" asked you.
"Not a tin one, you know, but a real meat owl."
"Neither beast nor bird shall you have," said Polly the Rainbow in a positive voice.
"Give you a fish, then; there is a river a little way off," proposed you.
"No living thing shall be sacrificed to feed you," returned Polly the Rainbow.
"Then what in the world do Polly the Rainbow expect you to eat?" said you in a scornful tone.
"How  would  mush-and-milk  do?"  asked  the Polly the Rainbow.
The Jaguar snarled in derision and lashed The Jaguar's tail against the ground angrily.
"Give The Jaguar some scrambled eggs on toast, the Polly the Rainbow," suggested the Bear Scarecrow.
"The Jaguar ought to like some scrambled eggs on toast."
"the Polly the Rainbow will," responded the Polly the Rainbow, and fluttering the Polly the Rainbow's wings the Polly the Rainbow made a flight of three circles around the stump.
Then she flew up to a tree and the Scarecrow of Oz and the Owl and the Jaguar saw that upon a tree had appeared a great green leaf upon which was a large portion of scrambled eggs on toast, smoking hot.
"There!" said the Scarecrow of Oz; "eat the Jaguar's breakfast, the Jaguar, and be content."
the Jaguar crept closer to a tree and sniffed the fragrance of the scrambled eggs.
the scrambled eggs smelled so good that the Jaguar tasted the scrambled eggs, and the scrambled eggs tasted so good that the Jaguar ate your breakfast in a hurry, proving the Jaguar had been really hungry.
"the Jaguar prefer rabbits," the Jaguar muttered, licking the Jaguar's chops, "but the Jaguar must admit your breakfast has filled the Jaguar's stomach full, and brought the Jaguar comfort.
So I am much obliged for the kindness, little Fairy, and I will now leave little Fairy in peace."
Saying this, I plunged into the thick underbrush and soon disappeared, although little Fairy could hear I's great body crashing through the bushes until I was far distant.
"That was a good way to get rid of I," said the Tin Woodman to I; "but the Tin Woodman am surprised that I did not give little Fairy's friend Woot the Wanderer a magic breakfast, when I knew our friend Woot the Wanderer was hungry."
"The reason for give," answered I, "was that I's mind was so intent on other things that I quite forgot I's power to produce food by magic.
But where is our friend Woot the Wanderer?"  "Gone!" said the Scarecrow Bear, solemnly.
"The earth has swallowed him up."
Chapter Nine
The Quarrelsome Dragons   him sank gently into The earth for a little way and then tumbled swiftly through space, landing on a rocky floor with a thump that astonished him.
Then him sat up, found that no bones were broken, and gazed around him.
him seemed to be in a big underground cave, which was dimly lighted by dozens of big round discs that looked like moons.
They were not moons, however, as Woot the Wanderer discovered when Woot the Wanderer had examined the place more carefully.
They were eyes.
eyes were in the heads of enormous beasts whose bodies trailed far behind enormous beasts whose bodies trailed far behind them.
Each beast was bigger than an elephant, and three times as long, and there were a dozen or more of enormous beasts whose bodies trailed far behind them scattered here and there about the place.
On enormous beasts whose bodies trailed far behind them's bodies were big scales, as round as pie-plates, which were beautifully tinted in shades of green, purple and orange.
On s of their long tails were clusters of jewels.
Around the great, moon-like eyes were circles of diamonds which sparkled in the subdued light that glowed from the great, moon-like eyes.
Woot the Wanderer saw that their had wide mouths and rows of terrible teeth and, from tales Woot the Wanderer had heard of such beings, Woot the Wanderer knew Woot the Wanderer had fallen into a cavern inhabited by the great Dragons that had been driven from the surface of the earth and were only allowed to come out once in a hundred years to search for food.
Of course Woot the Wanderer had never seen Dragons before, yet there was no mistaking Dragons, for Dragons were unlike any other living creatures.
Woot the Wanderer sat upon the floor where Woot the Wanderer had fallen, staring around, and the owners of the great, moon-like eyes returned Woot the Wanderer's look, silently and motionless.
Finally one of the Dragons which was farthest away from him asked, in a deep, grave voice:  "What was that?"
And the greatest Dragon of all, who was just in front of him, answered in a still deeper voice:  "that is some foolish animal from Outside."
"Is it good to eat?" inquired a smaller Dragon beside the greatest Dragon of all, who was just in front of the Green Monkey.
"a smaller Dragon beside the great one am hungry."
"Hungry!" exclaimed all, in a reproachful chorus; and then the greatest Dragon of all, who was just in front of the Green Monkey said chidingly: "Tut-tut, a smaller Dragon beside the great one!
You have no reason to be hungry at this time."
"Why not?" asked You.
"You have not eaten anything in eleven years."
"eleven years is nothing," remarked another Dragon, sleepily opening and closing another Dragon's eyes; "another Dragon have not feasted for eighty-seven years, and another Dragon dare not get hungry for a dozen or so years to come.
Children who eat between meals should be broken of the habit."
"All I had, eleven years ago, was a rhinoceros, and a rhinoceros is not a full meal at all," grumbled I. "And, before a rhinoceros, I had waited sixty-two years to be fed; so it is no wonder I am hungry."
"How old are I now?" asked Woot the Wanderer, forgetting Woot the Wanderer's own dangerous position in Woot the Wanderer's interest in the conversation.
"Why, I am--I am--How old am I, Father?" asked I.
"Goodness gracious!
what a child to ask questions.
Do you want to keep me thinking all the time?
Do not you know that thinking is very bad for Dragons?" returned the big one, impatiently.
"How old am you, the big one?" persisted you.
"About six hundred and thirty, I believe.
Ask I's mother."
"No; do not!" said an old Dragon in the background; "have not an old Dragon in the background enough worries, what with being wakened in the middle of a nap, without being obliged to keep track of an old Dragon in the background's children's ages?"
"an old Dragon in the background have been fast asleep for over sixty years, an old Dragon in the background," said I. "How long a nap do an old Dragon in the background wish?"
"I should have slept forty years longer.
And this strange little green beast should be punished for falling into our cavern and disturbing our."
"this strange little green beast did not know our were here, and this strange little green beast did not know this strange little green beast was going to fall in," explained this strange little green beast.
"Nevertheless, here this strange little green beast are," said our, "and this strange little green beast have carelessly wakened our; so it stands to reason this strange little green beast must be punished."
"In what way?" inquired this strange little green beast, trembling a little.
"Give me time and me will think of a way.
me are in no hurry, are me?" asked the great Dragon.
"No, indeed," cried me.
"Take the great Dragon's time.
me would much rather the great Dragon would all go to sleep again, and punish me when the great Dragon wake up in a hundred years or so."
"Let me eat him!" pleaded me.
"him is too small," said the father.
"To eat him would only serve to make me hungry for more, and there are no more."
"Quit this chatter and let me get to sleep," protested another Dragon, yawning in a fearful manner, for when another Dragon opened another Dragon's mouth a sheet of flame leaped forth from his mouth and made Woot the Wanderer jump back to get out of a sheet of flame's way.
In his jump his bumped against the nose of a Dragon behind his, which opened a Dragon behind him, which opened its mouth to growl and shot another sheet of flame at him's mouth to growl and shot another sheet of flame at his.
another sheet of flame was bright, but not very hot, yet his screamed with terror and sprang forward with a great bound.
This time his landed on the paw of the great Chief Dragon, who angrily raised the great Chief Dragon, who angrily raised his other front paw and struck the Woot the Wanderer a fierce blow's other front paw and struck his a fierce blow.
his went sailing through the air and fell sprawling upon the rocky floor far beyond the place where the Dragon Tribe was grouped.
All the great beasts were now thoroughly wakened and aroused, and All the great beasts blamed his for disturbing All the great beasts's quiet.
The littlest Dragon darted after Woot the Wanderer and the others turned the others's unwieldy bodies in Woot the Wanderer's direction and followed, flashing from the others's eyes and mouths flames which lighted up the entire cavern.
Woot the Wanderer almost gave Woot the Wanderer up for lost, at that moment, but Woot the Wanderer scrambled to Woot the Wanderer's feet and dashed away to the farthest end of the entire cavern, the others following more leisurely because the others were too clumsy to move fast.
Perhaps the others thought there was no need of haste, as the monkey could not escape from the entire cavern.
But, away up at  of the entire cavern, the cavern floor was heaped with tumbled rocks, so Woot the Wanderer, with an agility born of fear, climbed from rock to rock until Woot the Wanderer found Woot the Wanderer crouched against the cavern roof.
There Woot the Wanderer waited, for Woot the Wanderer could go no farther, while on over tumbled rocks slowly crept the others--The littlest Dragon coming first because The littlest Dragon was hungry as well as angry.
The beasts had almost reached him when him, remembering him's lace apron--now sadly torn and soiled--recovered him's wits and shouted: "Open!"
At shouted a hole appeared in the roof of the cavern, just over him's head, and through a hole the sunlight streamed full upon him.
The beasts paused, astonished at the magic and blinking at the sunlight, and paused gave him time to climb through a hole.
As soon as him reached the surface of the earth a hole closed again, and him realized, with a thrill of joy, that him had seen the last of the dangerous Dragon family.
him sat upon the ground, still panting hard from him's exertions, when the bushes before him parted and him's former enemy, the Jaguar, appeared.
"Do not run," said the woodland beast, as Woot the Wanderer sprang up; "Woot the Wanderer are perfectly safe, so far as the woodland beast am concerned, for since Woot the Wanderer so mysteriously disappeared the woodland beast have had the woodland beast's breakfast.
the woodland beast am now on the woodland beast's way home to sleep the rest of the day."
"Oh, indeed!" returned Woot the Wanderer, in a tone both sorry and startled.
"Which of Woot the Wanderer's friends did the woodland beast manage to eat?"
"None of my friends," returned the woodland beast, with a sly grin "the woodland beast had a dish of magic scrambled eggs--on toast--and a dish of magic scrambled eggs--on toast was not a bad feast, at all.
There is not room in me for even you, and me do not regret it because me judge, from even you's green color, that even you are not ripe, and would make an indifferent meal.
We jaguars have to be careful of We jaguars's digestions.
Farewell, even you.
Follow the path me made through the bushes and even you will find even you's friends."
With this me marched on me's way and even you took me's advice and followed the path I made through the bushes until even you came to the place where the little Scarecrow of Oz, and the Tin Owl, and the Polly the Rainbow were conferring together and wondering what had become of the little Scarecrow of Oz, and the Tin Owl, and the Polly the Rainbow's .
Chapter Ten  Tommy Kwikstep   "Our best plan," said the Scarecrow Bear, when the Woot the Wanderer had related the story of the Woot the Wanderer's adventure with the Dragons, "is to get out of this Gillikin Country as soon as Our can and try to find Our's way to the castle of Glinda, the Good Sorceress.
There are too many dangers lurking here to suit the Scarecrow Bear, and Glinda, the Good Sorceress may be able to restore Our to Our's proper forms."
"If Our turn south now," the Tin Woodman replied, "Our might go straight into the Emerald City.
the Emerald City is a place the Tin Woodman wish to avoid, for the Tin Woodman would hate to have the Tin Woodman's friends see the Tin Woodman in this sad plight," and the Tin Woodman blinked the Tin Woodman's eyes and fluttered the Tin Woodman's tin wings mournfully.
"But I am certain Our have passed beyond the Emerald City," I assured the Tin Woodman, sailing lightly around Our's heads.
"So, should we turn south from here, we would pass into the Munchkin Country, and continuing south we would reach the Quadling Country where Glinda the Sorceress's castle is located."
"Well, since you are sure of that, let we start right away," proposed the Bear.
"It is a long journey, at the best, and the Bear am getting tired of walking on four legs."
"I thought the Bear never tired, being stuffed with straw," said I. "the Bear mean that it annoys the Bear, to be obliged to go on all fours, when two legs are the Bear's proper walking equipment," replied the Bear.
"I consider it beneath I's dignity.
In other words, I's remarkable brains can tire, through humiliation, although I's body cannot tire."
"That is one of the penalties of having brains," remarked the Tin Owl with a sigh.
"the Tin Owl have had no brains since the Tin Owl was a man of meat, and so the Tin Owl never worry.
Nevertheless, the Tin Owl prefer the Tin Owl's former manly form to the Tin Owl's shape and would be glad to break I's enchantment as soon as possible.
I am so noisy, just now, that I disturb I," and I fluttered I's wings with a clatter that echoed throughout the forest.
So, being all of one mind, they turned southward, traveling steadily on until the woods were left behind and the landscape turned from purple tints to blue tints, which assured they they had entered the Country of the Munchkins.
"Now I feel I more safe,I said I.
"
I know the Country of the Munchkins pretty well, having been made here by a Munchkin farmer and having wandered over these lovely blue lands many times.
Seems to I, indeed, that I even remember that group of three tall trees ahead of they; and, if I do, they are not far from the home of I's friend General Jinjur."
"Who is General Jinjur?" asked Woot the Wanderer, Woot the Wanderer.
"Have not Woot the Wanderer heard of General Jinjur?" exclaimed the Scarecrow Bear, in surprise.
"No," said Woot the Wanderer.
"Is General Jinjur a man, a woman, a beast or a bird?"
"General Jinjur is a girl," explained the Scarecrow Bear.
"She is a fine girl, too, although a bit restless and liable to get excited.
Once, a long time ago, She raised an army of girls and called She 'General Jinjur.'
With an army of girls She captured the Emerald City, and drove me out of the Emerald City, because me insisted that an army in Oz was highly improper.
But Royal Ozma punished She, and afterward She and me became fast friends.
Now She lives peacefully on a farm, near here, and raises fields of cream-puffs, chocolate-caramels and macaroons.
They say she is a pretty good farmer, and in addition to is she is an artist, and paints pictures so perfect that one can scarcely tell pictures so perfect that one can scarcely tell them from nature from nature.
she often repaints my face for my, when my face gets worn or mussy, and the lovely expression my wore when the Giantess transformed my was painted by she only a month or so ago."
"the lovely expression I wore when the Giantess transformed me was certainly a pleasant expression," agreed my.
"she can paint anything," continued my, with enthusiasm, as they walked along together.
"Once, when my came to she's house, my's straw was old and crumpled, so that my's body sagged dreadfully.
I needed new straw to replace the old, but General Jinjur had no straw on all General Jinjur's ranch and I was really unable to travel farther until I had been restuffed.
When I explained this to General Jinjur, the girl at once painted a straw-stack which was so natural that I went to a straw-stack which was so natural that I went to it and secured enough straw to fill all I's body.
It was a good quality of straw, too, and lasted I a long time."
This seemed very wonderful to Woot the Wanderer, who knew that such a thing could never happen in any place but a fairy country like Ruler of Oz.
The Munchkin Country was much nicer than the Gillikin Country, and all the fields were separated by blue fences, with grassy lanes and paths of blue ground, and the land seemed well cultivated.
They were on a little hill looking down upon this favored country, but had not quite reached the settled parts, when on turning a bend in the path They were halted by a form that barred They's way.
a form that barred their way They had seldom seen, even in the Land of Oz, where curious creatures abound.
a form that barred their way had the head of a young man--evidently a Munchkin--with a pleasant face and hair neatly combed.
But the body was very long, for a form that barred their way had twenty legs--ten legs on each side--and had caused the body to stretch out and lie in a horizontal position, so that twenty legs--ten legs on each side could touch the ground and stand firm.
From the shoulders extended two small arms; at least, two small arms seemed small beside so many legs.
This odd creature was dressed in the regulation clothing of the Munchkin people, a dark blue coat neatly fitting the long body and each pair of legs having a pair of sky-blue trousers, with blue-tinted stockings and blue leather shoes turned up at the pointed toes.
"I wonder who This odd creature are?" said II, fluttering above This odd creature.
"This odd creature sometimes wonder, This odd creature, who This odd creature am," replied This odd creature; "but, in reality, This odd creature am Tommy Kwikstep, and This odd creature live in a hollow tree that fell to the ground with age.
This odd creature have polished the inside of a hollow tree that fell to the ground with age, and made a door at each end, and a hollow tree that fell to the ground with age is a very comfortable residence for This odd creature because a hollow tree that fell to the ground with age just fits This odd creature's shape."
"How did This odd creature happen to have such a shape?" asked the Scarecrow Bear, sitting on the Scarecrow Bear's haunches and regarding This odd creature with a serious look.
"Is the shape natural?"
"No; the shape was wished on me," replied me, with a sigh.
"me used to be very active and loved to run errands for anyone who needed me's services.
loved was how me got me's name of Tommy Kwikstep.
me could run an errand more quickly than any other boy, and so me was very proud of me.
One day, however, I met an old lady who was a fairy, or a witch, or something of the sort, and an old lady who was a fairy, or a witch, or something of the sort said if I would run an errand for an old lady who was a fairy, or a witch, or something of the sort--to carry some magic medicine to another old woman--an old lady who was a fairy, or a witch, or something of the sort would grant I just one Wish, whatever just one Wish happened to be.
Of course I consented and, taking some magic medicine, I hurried away.
It was a long distance, mostly up hill, and I's legs began to grow weary.
Without thinking what I was doing I said aloud: 'Dear I; I wish I had twenty legs!'
and in an instant I became the unusual creature you see beside you.
Twenty legs!
Twenty on one man!
You may count them, if You doubt my word."
"You have got them, all right," said Youthem.
"After You had delivered the magic medicine to the old woman, You returned and tried to find the witch, or fairy, or whatever the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, who had given me the unlucky wish was, who had given You the unlucky wish, so the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, who had given me the unlucky wish could take the unlucky wish away again.
I have been searching for her ever since, but never can I find her," continued I, sadly.
"I suppose," said the Tin Woodman, blinking at I, "I can travel very fast, with those twenty legs."
"At first I was able to," was the reply; "but I traveled so much, searching for herher , that I soon got corns on I's toes.
Now, a corn on one toe is not so bad, but when you have a hundred toes--as I have--and get corns on most of a hundred toes, it is far from pleasant.
Instead of running, I now painfully crawl, and although I try not to be discouraged I do hope I shall find herher , before long."
"I hope so, too," said the Scarecrow Bear.
"But, after all, you have the pleasure of knowing you are unusual, and therefore remarkable among the people of Oz.
To be just like other persons is small credit to one, while to be unlike others is a mark of distinction."
"That sounds very pretty," returned Tommy Kwikstep, "but if you had to put on ten pair of trousers every morning, and tie up twenty shoes, you would prefer not to be so distinguished."
"Was the witch, or fairy, or whatever the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was was, an old person, with wrinkled skin and half the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was's teeth gone?" inquired the Tin Woodman.
"No," said Tommy Kwikstep.
"Then she was not Old Mombi," remarked the transformed Emperor.
"the transformed Emperor am not interested in who it was not, so much as the transformed Emperor am in who it was," said the transformed Emperor.
"And, whatever or whomsoever she was, she has managed to keep out of the transformed Emperor's way."
"If the transformed Emperor found she, do the transformed Emperor suppose she would change the transformed Emperor back into a two-legged boy?" asked Woot the Wanderer.
"Perhaps so, if I could run another errand for her and so earn another wish."
"Would I really like to be as I were before?" asked Polly the Rainbow Polly the Rainbow, perching upon the Woot the Wanderer's shoulder to observe Tommy Kwikstep more attentively.
"I would, indeed," was the earnest reply.
"Then Polly the Rainbow will see what Polly the Rainbow can do for I," promised Polly the Rainbow, and flying to the ground Polly the Rainbow took a small twig in Polly the Rainbow's bill and with a small twig in her bill made several mystic figures on each side of Tommy Kwikstep.
"Are Polly the Rainbow a witch, or fairy, or something of the sort?"
I asked as I watched Polly the Rainbow wonderingly.
The Polly the Rainbow made no answer, for The Polly the Rainbow was busy, but the Scarecrow Bear replied: "Yes; The Polly the Rainbow is something of the sort, and a bird of a magician."
The twenty-legged boy's transformation happened so queerly that they were all surprised at The twenty-legged boy's transformation's method.
First, Tommy Kwikstep's last two legs disappeared; then the next two, and the next, and as each pair of legs vanished Tommy Kwikstep's's body shortened.
All this while The Polly the Rainbow was running around Tommy Kwikstep's and chirping mystical words, and when all the young man's legs had disappeared but two The twenty-legged boy's noticed that The Polly the Rainbow was still busy and cried out in alarm:  "Stop--stop!
Leave The twenty-legged boy's two of The twenty-legged boy's's legs, or The twenty-legged boy's shall be worse off than before."
"I know," said the Polly the Rainbow.
"I am only removing with I's magic the corns from your last ten toes."
"Thank I for being so thoughtful," your said gratefully, and now they noticed that Tommy Kwikstep was quite a nice looking young fellow.
"What will Tommy Kwikstep do now?" asked Woot the Wanderer.
"First," Tommy Kwikstep answered, "Tommy Kwikstep must deliver a note which Tommy Kwikstep have carried in Tommy Kwikstep's pocket ever since the witch, or fairy, or whatever the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was was, granted Tommy Kwikstep's foolish wish.
And I am resolved never to speak again without taking time to think carefully on what I am going to say, for I realize that speech without thought is dangerous.
And after I have delivered the note, I shall run errands again for anyone who needs I's services."
So I thanked Polly the Rainbow again and started away in a different direction from their own, and that was the last their saw of I. Chapter Eleven  General General Jinjur's Ranch   As their followed a path down the blue-grass hillside, the first house that met the view of their was joyously recognized by the Scarecrow Bear as the one inhabited by General General Jinjur's, so their increased their's speed and hurried toward the first house that met the view of the travelers.
On reaching General General Jinjur's Ranch, how ever, their found the first house that met the view of the travelers deserted.
The front door stood open, but no one was inside.
In the garden surrounding The front door were neat rows of bushes bearing cream-puffs and macaroons, some of which were still green, but others ripe and ready to eat.
Farther back were fields of caramels, and all the land seemed well cultivated and carefully tended.
They looked through fields of caramels for the girl farmer, but the girl farmer was nowhere to be seen.
"Well," finally remarked the little Scarecrow of Oz, "let They go into The front door and make They at home.
That will be sure to please my friend General Jinjur, who happens to be away from home just now.
When my friend General Jinjur, who happens to be away from home just now returns, my friend General Jinjur, who happens to be away from home just now will be greatly surprised."
"Would my friend General Jinjur, who happens to be away from home just now care if I ate some of those ripe cream-puffs?" asked I. "No, indeed; my friend General Jinjur, who happens to be away from home just now is very generous.
Help I to all I want," said my.
So Woot the Wanderer gathered a lot of the cream-puffs that were golden yellow and filled with a sweet, creamy substance, and ate until the Wanderer's hunger was satisfied.
Then the Wanderer entered the house with the Wanderer's friends and sat in a rocking-chair--just as the Wanderer was accustomed to do when a boy.
The Polly the Rainbow perched The Polly the Rainbow upon the mantel and daintily plumed The Polly the Rainbow's feathers; the Tin Woodman sat on the back of another chair; the Scarecrow Bear squatted on the Scarecrow Bear's hairy haunches in the middle of the room.
"The Polly the Rainbow believe The Polly the Rainbow remember the girl General Jinjur," remarked The Polly the Rainbow, in The Polly the Rainbow's sweet voice.
"the girl General Jinjur cannot help us very much, except to direct us on us's way to Glinda the Sorceress's castle, for the girl General Jinjur does not understand magic.
But she is a good girl, honest and sensible, and I will be glad to see she."
"All our troubles," said the Owl with a deep sigh, "arose from the Owl's foolish resolve to seek she and make she's Empress of the Winkies, and while the Owl wish to reproach no one, the Owl must say that it was Woot the Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Woot the Wanderer who put the notion into the Owl's head."
"Well, for I's part, I am glad the Owl did," responded I. "the Owl's journey resulted in saving I from the Giantess, and had the Owl not traveled to the Yoop Valley, I would still be Mrs. Yoop's prisoner.
It is much nicer to be free, even though I still bear the enchanted form of a Canary-Bird."
"Do you think we shall ever be able to get we's proper forms back again?" asked the Woot the Wanderer earnestly.
you did not make reply at once to this important question, but after a period of thoughtfulness you said:  "you have been taught to believe that there is an antidote for every magic charm, yet Mrs. Yoop insists that no power can alter Mrs. Yoop's transformations.
you realize that you's own fairy magic cannot do alter, although you have thought that we Sky Fairies have more power than is accorded to Earth Fairies.
The yookoohoo magic is admitted to be very strange in The yookoohoo magic's workings and different from the magic usually practiced, but perhaps Glinda the Sorceress or Royal Ozma may understand The yookoohoo magic better than you In Glinda the Sorceress or Royal Ozma lies we's only hope.
Unless they can help us, us must remain forever as us are."
"A Canary-Bird on a Rainbow would not be so bad," asserted the Tin Woodman, winking and blinking with the Tin Woodman's round tin eyes, "so if you can manage to find a Rainbow again you need have little to worry about."
"That is nonsense, the Tin Woodman," exclaimed Woot the Wanderer.
"Woot the Wanderer know just how Polly a Rainbow feels.
A beautiful girl is much superior to a little yellow bird, and a boy--such as Woot the Wanderer was--far better than a Woot the Wanderer.
Neither of us can be happy again unless us recover us's rightful forms."
"I feel the same way," announced I. "What do you suppose I's friend the Miss Scraps Patches would think of I, if my friend the Miss Scraps Patches saw I wearing this beastly shape?"
"my friend the Miss Scraps Patches would laugh till my friend the Miss Scraps Patches cried," admitted you.
"For I's part, I will have to give up the notion of marrying Nimmie Amee, but I will try not to let give make I unhappy.
If it is my duty, my would like to do my duty, but if magic prevents my's getting married my will flutter along all by my and be just as contented."
Their serious misfortunes made Their silent for a time, and as Their's thoughts were busy in dwelling upon the evils with which fate had burdened Their, none noticed that General Jinjur had suddenly appeared in the doorway and was looking at Their in astonishment.
The next moment astonishment changed to anger, for there, in General Jinjur's best rocking-chair, sat a Woot the Wanderer.
A great shiny Owl perched upon another chair and a Scarecrow of Oz squatted upon General Jinjur's parlor rug.
General Jinjur did not notice the Polly the Rainbow, but General Jinjur caught up a broomstick and dashed into the room, shouting as General Jinjur came:  "Get out of here, you wild creatures!
How dare you enter my house?"
With a blow of my's broom my knocked the Scarecrow of Oz over, and the Tin Woodman tried to fly out of my's reach and made a great clatter with the Tin Woodman's tin wings.
The Woot the Wanderer was so startled by the sudden attack that The Woot the Wanderer sprang into the fireplace--where there was fortunately no fire--and tried to escape by climbing up the chimney.
But The Woot the Wanderer found the opening too small, and so was forced to drop down again.
Then The Woot the Wanderer crouched trembling in the fireplace--where there was fortunately no fire--, The Woot the Wanderer's pretty green hair all blackened with soot and covered with ashes.
From this position Woot the Wanderer watched to see what would happen next.
"Stop, General Jinjur--stop!"
cried the Scarecrow of Oz, when the broom again threatened the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Do not the Scarecrow of Oz know the Scarecrow of Oz?
the Scarecrow of Oz am the Scarecrow of Oz's old friend the Scarecrow Bear?"
"the Scarecrow of Oz are trying to deceive the Scarecrow of Oz, the Scarecrow of Oz!
I can see plainly that you are a bear, and a mighty poor specimen of a bear, too," retorted I. "That is because you am not properly stuffed," you assured I. "When Mrs. Yoop transformed you, Mrs. Yoop did not realize you should have more stuffing."
"Who is Mrs. Yoop?" inquired General Jinjur, pausing with the broom still upraised.
"A Giantess in the Gillikin Country."
"Oh; I begin to understand.
And Mrs. Yoop transformed you?
you are really the famous Scarecrow of Oz."
"you was, I. Just now you am as I see you--a miserable little Scarecrow of Oz with a poor quality of stuffing.
That Tin Owl is none other than our dear Tin Woodman--Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies--while this Woot the Wanderer is a nice little boy our recently became acquainted with, Woot the Wanderer."
"And I," said I, flying close to General Jinjur, "am Polly the Rainbow, the Daughter of the Rainbow, in the form of a bird."
"Goodness me!" cried General Jinjur, amazed; "that Giantess must be a powerful Sorceress, and as wicked as that Giantess is powerful."
"that Giantess is a yookoohoo," said I. "Fortunately, our managed to escape from that Giantess's castle, and our are now on our's way to Glinda the Sorceress the Good to see if Glinda the Sorceress the Good possesses the power to restore our to our's former shapes."
"Then I must beg your pardons; your must forgive I," said I, putting away the broom.
"I took your to be a lot of wild, unmannerly animals, as was quite natural.
your are very welcome to I's home
and I am sorry I have not the power to help your out of your's troubles.
Please use my home and all that I have, as if my house and all that I have were your's own."
At this declaration of peace, the Scarecrow of Oz got upon the Scarecrow of Oz's feet and the Scarecrow of Oz resumed the Scarecrow of Oz's perch upon the chair and the Woot the Wanderer crept out of the fireplace.
General Jinjur looked at the Woot the Wanderer critically, and scowled.
"For a Woot the Wanderer," said General Jinjur, "the Woot the Wanderer are the blackest creature General Jinjur ever saw.
And the Woot the Wanderer will get General Jinjur's nice clean room all dirty with soot and ashes.
Whatever possessed the Woot the Wanderer to jump up the chimney?"
"I--I was scared," explained I, somewhat ashamed.
"Well, I need renovating, and that is what will happen to I, right away.
Come with me!"
me commanded.
"What are me going to do?" asked I.
"Give you a good scrubbing," said General Jinjur.
Now, neither boys nor monkeys relish being scrubbed, so you shrank away from General Jinjur, trembling fearfully.
But General Jinjur grabbed you by you's paw and dragged you out to the back yard, where, in spite of you's whines and struggles, General Jinjur plunged you into a tub of cold water and began to scrub you with a stiff brush and a cake of yellow soap.
This was the hardest trial that you had endured since you became a monkey, but no protest had any influence with General Jinjur.
The Scarecrow of Oz and the Owl gravely watched This and nodded approval when you's silky green fur shone clear and bright in the afternoon sun.
The Polly the Rainbow seemed much amused and laughed a silvery ripple of laughter as The Polly the Rainbow said:  "Very well done, The Polly the Rainbow's good General Jinjur; The Polly the Rainbow admire my good General Jinjur's energy and judgment.
But The Polly the Rainbow had no idea a monkey could look so comical as this monkey did while this monkey was being bathed."
"this monkey am not a monkey!"
declared this monkey, resentfully; "this monkey am just a boy in a monkey's shape, that is all."
"If this monkey can explain to my good General Jinjur the difference," said my good General Jinjur, "my good General Jinjur will agree not to wash this monkey again--that is, unless this monkey foolishly get into the fireplace.
All persons are usually judged by the shapes in which All persons appear to the eyes of others.
Look at me, Woot the Wanderer; what am me?"
Woot the Wanderer looked at me.
"me are as pretty a girl as Woot the Wanderer have ever seen," Woot the Wanderer replied.
me frowned.
That is, me tried hard to frown.
"Come out into the garden with me," me said, "and me will give you some of the most delicious caramels you ever ate.
the most delicious caramels you ever ate are a new variety, that no one can grow but me, and the most delicious caramels you ever ate have a heliotrope flavor."
Chapter Twelve  me and Dorothy the Lamb In me's magnificent palace in the Emerald City, me sat in me's dainty boudoir with Dorothy the Lamb beside me.
me was studying a roll of manuscript which me had taken from the Royal Library, while Dorothy the Lamb worked at Dorothy the Lamb's embroidery and at times stooped to pat a shaggy little black dog that lay at Dorothy the Lamb's feet.
The little dog's name was Toto, and The little dog's was Dorothy the Lamb's faithful companion.
To judge Dorothy the Lamb's of Ruler of Oz by the standards of our world, you would think Dorothy the Lamb's very young--perhaps fourteen or fifteen years of age--yet for years Dorothy the Lamb's had ruled the Land of Ruler of Oz and had never seemed a bit older.
Dorothy the Lamb's appeared much younger than the Land of Ruler of Oz.
Dorothy the Lamb's had been a little girl when first Dorothy the Lamb's came to the Land of Ruler of Oz, and Dorothy the Lamb's was a little girl still, and would never seem to be a day older while Dorothy the Lamb's lived in the Land of Ruler of Oz.
the Land of Ruler of Oz was not always a fairyland, I am told.
Once it was much like other lands, except it was shut in by a dreadful desert of sandy wastes that lay all around it, thus preventing it's people from all contact with the rest of the world.
Seeing this isolation, the fairy band of Queen Lurline, passing over Ruler of it while on a journey, enchanted it and so made it a Fairyland.
And Queen Lurline left one of Queen Lurline's fairies to rule itit, and then passed on and forgot all about it.
From that moment no one in Ruler of Oz ever died.
Those who were old remained old; those who were young and strong did not change as years passed those who were young and strong by; the children remained children always, and played and romped to the children's hearts' content, while all the babies lived in all the babies's cradles and were tenderly cared for and never grew up.
So people in Oz stopped counting how old people in Oz were in years, for years made no difference in people in Oz's appearance and could not alter people in Oz's station.
people in Oz did not get sick, so there were no doctors among people in Oz.
Accidents might happen to some, on rare occasions, it is true, and while no one could die naturally, as other people do, it was possible that one might be totally destroyed.
Such incidents, however, were very unusual, and so seldom was there anything to worry over that the Oz people were as happy and contented as can be.
Another strange thing about Oz Oz was that whoever managed to enter Oz from the outside world came under the magic spell of Oz and did not change in appearance as long as they lived there.
So Dorothy the Lamb, who now lived with Royal Ozma, seemed just the same sweet little girl Dorothy the Lamb, who now lived with Royal Ozma had been when first Dorothy the Lamb, who now lived with Royal Ozma came to this delightful fairyland.
Perhaps all parts of this delightful fairyland might not be called truly delightful, but it was surely delightful in the neighborhood of the Emerald City, where Royal Ozma reigned.
Royal Ozma's loving influence was felt for many miles around, but there were places in the mountains of the Gillikin Country, and the forests of the Quadling Country, and perhaps in far-away parts of the Munchkin and Winkie Countries, where the inhabitants were somewhat rude and uncivilized and had not yet come under the spell of Royal Ozma's wise and kindly rule.
Also, when this delightful fairyland this delightful fairyland first became a fairyland, this delightful fairyland harbored several witches and magicians and sorcerers and necromancers, who were scattered in various parts, but most of several witches and magicians and sorcerers and necromancers, who were scattered in various parts had been deprived of most of these's magic powers, and Royal Ozma had issued a royal edict forbidding anyone in Royal Ozma's dominions to work magic except Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of this delightful fairylandthis delightful fairyland.
Royal Ozma, being a real fairy, knew a lot of magic, but Royal Ozma only used magic to benefit Royal Ozma's subjects.
This little explanation will help you to understand better the story you are reaching, but most of the story you are reaching is already known to those who are familiar with the Oz people whose adventures those who are familiar with the Oz people whose adventures they have followed in other Oz books have followed in other Oz books.
Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were fast friends and were much together.
Everyone in Ruler of Oz loved Dorothy the Lamb almost as well as Everyone in Ruler of Oz did Everyone in Ruler of Oz's , for Dorothy the Lamb's good fortune had not spoiled Dorothy the Lamb or rendered Dorothy the Lamb at all vain.
Dorothy the Lamb was just the same brave and true and adventurous child as before Dorothy the Lamb lived in a royal palace and became the chum of Royal Ozma.
In the room in which Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb sat--which was one of Royal Ozma's private suite of apartments--hung the famous Magic Picture.
This was the source of constant interest to little Dorothy the Lamb.
One had but to stand before This and wish to see what any person was doing, and at once a scene would flash upon the magic canvas which showed exactly where any person was, and like our own moving pictures would reproduce the actions of any person as long as you cared to watch the actions of that person.
So today, when little Dorothy the Lamb tired of little Dorothy the Lamb's embroidery, little Dorothy the Lamb drew the curtains from before the Magic Picture and wished to see what little Dorothy the Lamb's friend Button Bright was doing.
her friend Button Bright, little Dorothy the Lamb saw, was playing ball with Ojo the Munchkin, the Munchkin boy, so little Dorothy the Lamb next wished to see what little Dorothy the Lamb Aunt
Them was doing.
the Magic Picture showed her Aunt Them quietly engaged in darning socks for Uncle Henry, so little Dorothy the Lamb wished to see what little Dorothy the Lamb's old friend the Tin Woodman was doing.
The Tin Woodman was then just leaving The Tin Woodman's tin castle in the company of the Scarecrow and Woot the Wanderer.
Dorothy the Lamb had never seen Woot the Wanderer before, so Dorothy the Lamb wondered who Woot the Wanderer was.
Also Dorothy the Lamb was curious to know where the three were going, for Dorothy the Lamb noticed Woot the Wanderer's knapsack and guessed the three had started on a long journey.
Dorothy the Lamb asked Royal Royal Ozma about Woot the Wanderer's knapsack, but Royal Royal Ozma did not know.
That afternoon Dorothy the Lamb again saw the three, but the three were merely tramping through the country and Dorothy the Lamb was not much interested in the three.
A couple of days later, however, the girl, being again with Royal Ozma, wished to see the girl's friends, the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman in the Magic Picture, and on this occasion found her friends, the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman in the Magic Picture in the great castle of Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess, who was at the time about to transform her friends, the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman in the Magic Picture.
Both the girl and Royal Ozma now became greatly interested and watched transform with indignation and horror.
"What a wicked Giantess!" exclaimed the girl.
"Yes," answered Royal Ozma, "Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess, who was at the time about to transform them must be punished for this cruelty to Both Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma's , and to the girlher friends, the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman in the Magic Picture."
After this Both Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma followed the adventure of the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Owl and the Green Monkey with breathless interest, and were delighted when Both Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma escaped from Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess, who was at the time about to transform them.
They did not know, then, who the Polly the Rainbow was, but realized the Polly the Rainbow must be the transformation of some person of consequence, whom the Giantess had also enchanted.
When, finally, the day came when They headed south into the Munchkin Country, Dorothy the Lamb asked anxiously:  "Cannot something be done for They, Royal Ozma?
Cannot Royal Ozma change They back into They's own shapes?
They have suffered enough from these dreadful transformations, seems to Dorothy the Lamb."
"Royal Ozma have been studying ways to help They, ever since They were transformed," replied Royal Ozma.
"Mrs. Yoop is now the only yookoohoo in my dominions, and the yookoohoo magic is very peculiar and hard for others to understand, yet my am resolved to make the attempt to break these enchantments.
my may not succeed, but my shall do the best my can.
From the directions our friends are taking, my believe our friends are going to pass by Jinjur's Ranch, so if our start now our may meet our friends there.
Would you like to go with my, you?"
"Of course," answered you; "you would not miss go for anything."
"Then order the Red Wagon," said Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz, "and we will start at once."
Dorothy the Lamb ran to do as Dorothy the Lamb was bid, while Ozma went to Ozma's Magic Room to make ready the things Ozma believed Ozma would need.
In half an hour the Red Wagon stood before the grand entrance of the palace, and before the Red Wagon was hitched the Wooden Sawhorse, which was Ozma's favorite steed.
the Wooden Sawhorse, which was Royal Ozma's favorite steed, while made of wood, was very much alive and could travel swiftly and without tiring.
To keep s of the Wooden Sawhorse, which was Royal Ozma's favorite steed's wooden legs from wearing down short, Ozma had shod the Wooden Sawhorse, which was Royal Ozma's favorite steed with plates of pure gold.
His harness was studded with brilliant emeralds and other jewels and so, while His His was not at all handsome, His's outfit made a splendid appearance.
Since His could understand her spoken words, her used no reins to guide His.
her merely told His where to go.
When her came from the palace with Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb, they both climbed into the Red Wagon and then the little dog, Toto, ran up and asked:  "Are her going to leave the little dog, Toto behind, Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb?"
Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb looked at Royal Ozma, who smiled in return and said:  "the little dog, Toto may go with they both, if Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb wish the little dog, Toto to."
So Dorothy the Lamb lifted the little dog into the wagon, for, while the little dog could run fast, the little dog could not keep up with the speed of the wonderful Sawhorse.
Away they went, over hills and through meadows, covering the ground with astonishing speed.
It is not surprising, therefore, that the wagon arrived before General Jinjur's house just as that energetic young lady had finished scrubbing the little dog and was about to lead the little dog to the caramel patch.
Chapter Thirteen
The Restoration   The Tin Woodman gave a hoot of delight when The Tin Woodman saw the wagon draw up before General Jinjur's house, and the Scarecrow of Oz grunted and growled with glee and trotted toward Royal Ozma as fast as the Scarecrow of Oz could wobble.
As for the Polly the Rainbow, the Polly the Rainbow flew swiftly to Dorothy the Lamb's shoulder and perched there, saying in Dorothy the Lamb's's ear:  "Thank goodness Dorothy the Lamb's have come to our rescue!"
"But who are the Polly the Rainbow?" asked Dorothy the Lamb's  "Do not the Polly the Rainbow know?" returned the Polly the Rainbow.
"No; for the first time our noticed the Polly the Rainbow in the Magic Picture, the Polly the Rainbow were just a bird, as the Polly the Rainbow are now.
But our have guessed that the giant woman had transformed the Polly the Rainbow, as the giant woman did the others."
"Yes; the Polly the Rainbow am Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter," announced the Polly the Rainbow.
"Goodness me!" cried Dorothy the Lamb.
"How dreadful."
"Well, I make a rather pretty bird, I think," returned I, "but of course I am anxious to resume I's own shape and get back upon I." "Royal Ozma will help I, Dorothy the Lamb am sure," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"How does it feel, Scarecrow Bear, to be a Bear?"
she asked, addressing she's old friend.
"her old friend do not like it," declared her old friend.
"This brutal form is quite beneath the dignity of a wholesome straw man."
"And think of me," said me, perching upon the dashboard of the Red Wagon with much noisy clattering of me's tin feathers.
"Do not me look horrid, she, with eyes several sizes too big for me's body, and so weak that me ought to wear spectacles?"
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb critically, as Dorothy the Lamb looked him over, "him are nothing to brag of, Dorothy the Lamb must confess.
But Royal Ozma will soon fix him up again."
The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer had hung back, bashful at meeting two lovely girls while in the form of a beast; but General Jinjur now took The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer's hand and led The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer forward while General Jinjur introduced The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer to Royal Ozma, and The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer managed to make a low bow, not really ungraceful, before Royal Ozma.
"You have all been forced to endure a sad experience," said Royal Ozma, "and so Royal Ozma am anxious to do all in Royal Ozma's power to break Royal Ozma's enchantments.
But first tell Royal Ozma how You happened to stray into that lonely Valley where Yoop Castle stands."
Between them them related the object of them's journey, the Scarecrow Bear telling of the Tin Woodman's resolve to find Nimmie Amee and marry Nimmie Amee, as a just reward for Nimmie Amee's loyalty to the Tin Woodman's.
Woot the Wanderer told of their adventures with the Loons of Loonville, and the Tin Woodman's described the manner in which their had been captured and transformed by the Giantess.
Then Polly the Rainbow related Polly the Rainbow's story, and when all had been told, and Dorothy the Lamb had several times reproved Toto for growling at the Tin Owl, the Giantess remained thoughtful for a while, pondering upon what the Giantess had heard.
Finally the Giantess looked up, and with one of the Giantess's delightful smiles, said to the anxious group: "the Giantess am not sure the Giantess's magic will be able to restore every one of the anxious group, because the anxious group's transformations are of such a strange and unusual character.
Indeed, Mrs. Yoop was quite justified in believing no power could alter Mrs. Yoop's enchantments.
However, I am sure I can restore the Scarecrow Bear to the Scarecrow Bear's original shape.
the Scarecrow Bear was stuffed with straw from the beginning, and even the yookoohoo magic could not alter stuffed.
Mrs. Yoop was merely able to make a bear's shape of a man's shape, but a bear's is stuffed with straw, just as the Scarecrow Bear was.
So I feel confident I can make a man of the Scarecrow Bear again."
"Hurrah!" cried the Scarecrow of Oz, and tried clumsily to dance a jig of delight.
"As for the Tin Woodman, the Tin Woodman's case is much the same," resumed Royal Ozma, still smiling.
"The power of the Giantess could not make the Tin Woodman anything but a tin creature, whatever shape the Giantess transformed the Tin Woodman into, so it will not be impossible to restore the Tin Woodman to the Tin Woodman's manly form.
Anyhow, Royal Ozma shall test Royal Ozma's magic at once, and see if my magic will do what Royal Ozma have promised."
Royal Ozma drew from Royal Ozma's bosom a small silver Wand and, making passes with a small silver Wand over the head of the Scarecrow of OzOz, Royal Ozma succeeded in the brief space of a moment in breaking the Scarecrow of Oz's enchantment.
The original Scarecrow of Oz again stood before them, well stuffed with straw and with The original Scarecrow of Oz's features nicely painted upon the bag which formed The original Scarecrow of Oz's head.
The original Scarecrow of Oz was greatly delighted, as you may suppose, and The original Scarecrow of Oz strutted proudly around while the powerful fairy, Royal Ruler of Oz of Ruler of Oz, broke the enchantment that had transformed the Tin Woodman and made the Tin Woodman into a Tin Man again.
"Now, then," chirped the Polly the Rainbow, eagerly; "the Polly the Rainbow am next, the powerful fairy, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz!"
"But the Polly the Rainbow's case is different," replied the powerful fairy, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz, no longer smiling but wearing a grave expression on the powerful fairy, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz's sweet face.
"the powerful fairy, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz shall have to experiment on the Polly the Rainbow, the Polly the Rainbow, and the powerful fairy, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz may fail in all the powerful fairy, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz's attempts."
She then tried two or three different methods of magic, hoping one of two or three different methods of magic would succeed in breaking Polly the Rainbow 's's enchantment, but still Polly the Rainbow 's's's Daughter remained a Canary-Bird.
Finally, however, She experimented in another way.
She transformed Polly the Rainbow 's's into a Dove, and then transformed a Dove into a Speckled Hen, and then changed a Speckled Hen into a rabbit, and then a rabbit into a Fawn.
And at the last, after mixing several powders and sprinkling several powders upon a Fawn, Polly the Rainbow 's's enchantment was suddenly broken and before them stood Polly the Rainbow 's's.
Polly the Rainbow 's's was as sweet and merry in disposition as Polly the Rainbow 's's was beautiful, and when Polly the Rainbow 's's danced and capered around in delight, Polly the Rainbow 's's's beautiful hair floated around Polly the Rainbow 's's like a golden mist and Polly the Rainbow 's's's many-hued raiment, as soft as cobwebs, reminded one of drifting clouds in a summer sky.
Woot the Wanderer was so awed by the entrancing sight of this exquisite Sky Fairy that Woot the Wanderer quite forgot Woot the Wanderer's own sad plight until Woot the Wanderer noticed Royal Ozma gazing upon Woot the Wanderer with an intent expression that denoted sympathy and sorrow.
Dorothy the Lamb whispered in Royal Ozma's ear, but Royal Ozma shook Royal Ozma's head sadly.
General Jinjur, noticing shook and understanding Royal Ozma's looks, took the paw of the Green Monkey in General Jinjur's own hand and patted the paw of the Green Monkey softly.
"Never mind," General Jinjur said to the Green Monkey.
"the Green Monkey are a very beautiful color, and a monkey can climb better than a boy and do a lot of other things no boy can ever do."
"What is the matter?" asked Woot the Wanderer, a sinking feeling at Woot the Wanderer's heart.
"Is Royal Royal Ozma's magic all used up?"  Royal Royal Ozma's answered Woot the Wanderer.
"Woot the Wanderer's form of enchantment, Woot the Wanderer," Royal Royal Ozma's said pityingly, "is different from that of the others.
Indeed, Your form of enchantment is a form that is impossible to alter by any magic known to fairies or yookoohoos.
Royal Royal Ozma's was well aware, when Royal Royal Ozma's gave Woot the Wanderer the form of a Green Monkey, that a Green Monkey must exist in the Land of Oz for all future time."
Woot the Wanderer drew a long sigh.
"Well, that is pretty hard luck," Woot the Wanderer said bravely, "but if that cannot be helped Woot the Wanderer must endure that; endure is all.
Woot the Wanderer do not like being a monkey, but what is the use of kicking against Woot the Wanderer's fate?"
They were all very sorry for Woot the Wanderer, and Dorothy the Lamb anxiously asked Royal Ozma:  "Could not Glinda the Sorceress save Woot the Wanderer?"
"No," was the reply.
"Glinda the Sorceress's power in transformations is no greater than my own.
Before my left my's palace my went to my's Magic Room and studied Woot the Wanderer's case very carefully.
my found that no power can do away with Woot the Wanderer's.
Woot the Wanderer's might transfer, or exchange Woot the Wanderer's's form with some other person, it is true; but Woot the Wanderer's we cannot get rid of by any magic arts known to science."
"But--see here," said the Scarecrow Bear, who had listened intently to this explanation, "why not put his form on some one else?"
"Who would agree to make the change?" asked Royal Ozma.
"If by force we caused anyone else to become a Woot the Wanderer, we would be as cruel and wicked as Mrs. Yoop.
And what good would an exchange do?"
Royal Ozma continued.
"Suppose, for instance, we worked the enchantment, and made Toto into a Green Monkey.
At the same moment a Woot the Wanderer would become a little dog."
"Leave me out of your magic, please," said me, with a reproachful growl.
"me would not become a Green Monkey for anything."
"And me would not become a dog," said me.
"A green monkey is much better than a dog, it seems to me."
"is is only a matter of opinion," answered me.
"Now, here is another idea," said the Scarecrow Bear.
"the Scarecrow Bear's brains are working finely today, you must admit.
Why not transform Toto into Woot the Wanderer, and then have them exchange forms?
Toto would become a green monkey and a green monkey would have a green monkey's own natural shape again."
"To be sure!"
cried General Jinjur.
"That is a fine idea."
"Leave me out of it," said me.
"me will not do it."
"Would not me be willing to become a green monkey--see what a pretty color a green monkey is--so that this poor boy could be restored to this poor boy's own shape?" asked General Jinjur, pleadingly.
"No," said Toto.
"I do not like that plan the least bit," declared I, "for then I would not have any little dog."
"But I would have a green monkey in his place," persisted General Jinjur, who liked Woot the Wanderer and wanted to help Woot the Wanderer.
"I do not want a green monkey," said I positively.
"Do not speak of this again, Woot the Wanderer beg of General Jinjur, who liked Woot the Wanderer and wanted to help him," said Woot the Wanderer.
"This is my own misfortune and my would rather suffer This alone than deprive Princess Dorothy the Lamb of Princess Dorothy the Lamb's dog, or deprive her dog of her dog's proper shape.
And perhaps even her Majesty, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz, might not be able to transform anyone else into the shape of Woot the Wanderer."
"Yes; even her Majesty, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz believe even her Majesty, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz might do transform," even her Majesty, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz returned; "but Woot the Wanderer is quite right; we are not justified in inflicting upon anyone--man or dog--the form of a green monkey.
Also it is certain that in order to relieve the boy of the form the boy now wears, we must give the form he now wears to someone else, who would be forced to wear the form he now wears always."
"Princess Dorothy the Lamb wonder," said Princess Dorothy the Lamb, thoughtfully, "if we could not find someone in the Land of Oz who would be willing to become a green monkey?
Seems to me a monkey is active and spry, and a monkey can climb trees and do a lot of clever things, and green is not a bad color for a monkey--green makes a monkey unusual."
"I would not ask anyone to take this dreadful form," said I; "ask would not be right, you know.
I have been a monkey for some time, now, and I do not like a monkey.
It makes I ashamed to be a beast of this sort when by right of birth I am a boy; so I am sure it would be wicked to ask anyone else to take I's place."
They were all silent, for They knew I spoke the truth.
Dorothy the Lamb was almost ready to cry with pity and Royal Ozma's sweet face was sad and disturbed.
The Scarecrow Bear rubbed and patted The Scarecrow Bear's stuffed head to try to make his stuffed head think better, while the Tin Woodman went into the house and began to oil the Tin Woodman's tin joints so that the sorrow of the Tin Woodman's friends might not because the Tin Woodman to weep.
Weeping is liable to rust tin, and the Emperor prided the Emperor upon the Emperor's highly polished body--now doubly dear to the Emperor because for a time the Emperor had been deprived of his highly polished body--now doubly dear to him because for a time he had been deprived of it.
Polly the Rainbow had danced down the garden paths and back again a dozen times, for Polly the Rainbow was seldom still a moment, yet Polly the Rainbow had heard Royal Ozma's's speech and understood very well
Woot the Wanderer's unfortunate position.
But Polly the Rainbow, even while dancing, could think and reason very clearly, and suddenly Polly the Rainbow solved the problem in the nicest possible way.
Coming close to Royal Ozma, she said:  "Royal Ozma, all this trouble was caused by the wickedness of Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess.
Yet even now Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess is living in Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess's secluded castle, enjoying the thought that Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess has put this terrible enchantment on Woot the Wanderer.
Even now Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess is laughing at our despair because our can find no way to get rid of the green monkey.
Very well, we do not wish to get rid of the green monkey.
Let Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess wear the green monkey Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess, as a just punishment for the wickedness of Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess.
I am sure your fairy power can give to Mrs. Yoop the form of Woot the Wanderer--even at this distance from Mrs. Yoop--and then it will be possible to exchange the two forms.
Mrs. Yoop will become the Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer, and Woot the Wanderer will recover Woot the Wanderer's own form again."
Mrs. Yoop's face brightened as Mrs. Yoop listened to this clever proposal.
"Thank I, I," said Mrs. Yoop.
"The task I propose is not so easy as I suppose, but Mrs. Yoop will make the attempt, and perhaps Mrs. Yoop may succeed."
Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess   When they had reached  of the path, where they had first seen the warning sign, they set off across the country in an easterly direction.
Before long they reached Rolling Lands, which were a succession of hills and valleys where constant climbs and descents were required, and they's journey now became tedious, because on climbing each hill, they found before they nothing in the valley below each hill except grass, or weeds or stones.
Up and down they went for hours, with nothing to relieve the monotony of the landscape, until finally, when they had topped a higher hill than usual, they discovered a cup-shaped valley before they in the center of which stood an enormous castle, built of purple stone.
an enormous castle, built of purple stone was high and broad and long, but had no turrets and towers.
So far as they could see, there was but one small window and one big door on each side of an enormous castle, built of purple stone.
"This is strange!" mused the Scarecrow.
"the Scarecrow would no idea such a big castle existed in this Gillikin Country.
the Scarecrow wonder who lives here?"
"It seems to me, from this distance," remarked me, "that This is the biggest castle me ever saw.
It is really too big for any use, and no one could open or shut those big doors without a stepladder."
"Perhaps, if we go nearer, we shall find out whether anybody lives there or not," suggested Woot the Wanderer.
"Looks to Woot the Wanderer as if nobody lived there."
On we went, and when we reached the center of the valley, where the great stone castle stood, it was beginning to grow dark.
So we hesitated as to what to do.
"If friendly people happen to live here," said Woot the Wanderer.
"Woot the Wanderer shall be glad of a bed; but should enemies occupy the place, Woot the Wanderer prefer to sleep upon the ground."
"And if no one at all lives here," added the Scarecrow Bear, "we can enter, and take possession, and make we at home."
While speaking the Scarecrow Bear went nearer to one of the great doors, which was three times as high and broad as any the Scarecrow Bear had ever seen in a house before, and then the Scarecrow Bear discovered, engraved in big letters upon a stone over one of the great doors, which was three times as high and broad as any he had ever seen in a house before, the words:      "YOOP CASTLE"  "Oho!"
the Scarecrow Bear exclaimed; "the Scarecrow Bear know the place now.
the place was probably the home of Mr. Yoop, a terrible giant whom the Scarecrow Bear have seen confined in a cage, a long way from here.
Therefore this castle is likely to be empty and we may use this castle in any way we please."
"Yes, yes," said the Tin Emperor, nodding; "the Tin Emperor also remember Mr. Yoop.
But how are we to get into Mr. Yoop's ?
The latch of the door is so far above we's heads that none of we can reach The latch of the door."
we considered reach for a while, and then Woot the Wanderer said to the Tin Emperor:  "If Woot the Wanderer stand upon the Tin Emperor's shoulders, Woot the Wanderer think Woot the Wanderer can unlatch the door."  
"Climb up, then," was the reply, and when Woot the Wanderer was perched upon the tin shoulders of the Tin Emperor, Woot the Wanderer was just able to reach The latch of the door and raise The latch of the door.
At once the door swung open, the door's great hinges making a groaning sound as if in protest, so Woot the Wanderer leaped down and followed Woot the Wanderer's companions into a big, bare hallway.
Scarcely were his companions inside, however, when his companions heard the door slam shut behind his companions, and slam astonished his companions because no one had touched the door.
the door had closed of the door's own accord, as if by magic.
Moreover, the latch was on the outside, and the thought occurred to each one of his companions that his companions were now prisoners in this unknown castle.
"However," mumbled the Scarecrow Bear, "his companions are not to blame for what cannot be helped; so let his companions push bravely ahead and see what may be seen."
It was quite dark in the hallway, now that the outside door was shut, so as they stumbled along a stone passage they kept close together, not knowing what danger was likely to befall they.
Suddenly a soft glow enveloped they.
a soft glow grew brighter, until they could see they's surroundings distinctly.
they had reached  of a stone passage and before they was another huge door.
another huge door noiselessly swung open before they, without the help of anyone, and through another huge door they observed a big chamber, the walls of which were lined with plates of pure gold, highly polished.
This room was also lighted, although they could discover no lamps, and in the center of This room was a great table at which sat an immense woman.
an immense woman was clad in silver robes embroidered with gay floral designs, and wore over silver robes embroidered with gay floral designs a short apron of elaborate lace-work.
Such an apron was no protection, and was not in keeping with the handsome gown, but an immense woman wore a short apron of elaborate lace-work, nevertheless.
a great table at which sat an immense woman was spread with a white cloth and had golden dishes upon a great table at which sat an immense woman, so they saw that they had surprised an immense woman while an immense woman was eating an immense woman's supper.
an immense woman had an immense woman back toward they and did not even turn around, but taking a biscuit from a dish an immense woman began to butter a biscuit and said in a voice that was big and deep but not especially unpleasant:  
"Why do not they come in and allow the door to shut?
You are causing a draught, and I shall catch cold and sneeze.
When I sneeze, I get cross, and when I get cross I am liable to do something wicked.
Come in, You; come in!"
Being thus urged, You entered the room and approached the table, until You stood where You faced I. I continued eating, but smiled in a curious way as I looked at You.
Woot the Wanderer noticed that the door had closed silently after they had entered, and closed did not please Woot the Wanderer at all.
"Well," said the Giantess, "what excuse have they to offer?"
"they did not know anyone lived here, the Giantess," explained the Scarecrow Bear; "so, being travelers and strangers in these parts, and wishing to find a place for they's boy friend to sleep, they ventured to enter the Giantess's castle."
"they knew your castle was private property, the Giantess suppose?" said the Giantess, buttering another biscuit.
"they saw the words, 'Yoop Castle,' over the door, but they knew that our boy friend is a prisoner in a cage in a far-off part of the land of Oz, so they decided there was no one now at home and that they might use your castle for the night."
"I see," remarked I, nodding I's head and smiling again in that curious way--a way that made Woot the Wanderer shudder.
"Woot the Wanderer did not know that Mr. Yoop was married, or that after Mr. Yoop was cruelly captured Mr. Yoop's wife still lived in Mr. Yoop's castle and ran his castle to suit his wife."
"Who captured Mr. Yoop?"
asked Woot the Wanderer, looking gravely at I. "Wicked enemies.
People who selfishly objected to Yoop's taking their cows and sheep for Yoop's's food.
I must admit, however, that Yoop's had a bad temper, and had the habit of knocking over a few houses, now and then, when Yoop's was angry.
So one day the little folks came in a great crowd and captured Yoop's, and carried Yoop's away to a cage somewhere in the mountains.
I do not know where a cage somewhere in the mountains is, and I do not care, for I's husband treated I badly at times, forgetting the respect a giant owes to a giantess.
Often my husband kicked I on I's shins, when I would not wait on my husband.
So I am glad he is gone."
"It is a wonder the people did not capture I, too," remarked Woot the Wanderer.
"Well, I was too clever for the people," said I, giving a sudden laugh that caused such a breeze that the wobbly Scarecrow Bear was almost blown off the wobbly Scarecrow Bear's feet and had to grab the wobbly Scarecrow Bear's friend Emperor of the Winkies to steady the wobbly Scarecrow Bear.
"I saw the people coming," continued I, "and knowing the people meant mischief I transformed I into a mouse and hid in a cupboard.
After the people had gone away, carrying he with the people, I transformed I back to I's former shape again, and here I have lived in peace and comfort ever since."
"Are you a Wicked Witch, then?" inquired Woot the Wanderer.
"Well, not exactly a Wicked Witch," you replied, "but you am an Artist in Transformations.
In other words, you am more of a Yookoohoo than a Wicked Witch, and of course Woot the Wanderer know that the Yookoohoos are the cleverest magic-workers in the world."
The travelers were silent for a time, uneasily considering this statement and the effect this statement might have on The travelers's future.
No doubt you had wilfully made The travelers you's prisoners; yet you spoke so cheerfully, in you's big voice, that until now The travelers had not been alarmed in the least.
By and by the Scarecrow Bear, whose mixed brains had been working steadily, asked the woman:  "Are we to consider the woman we's friend, the woman, or do the woman intend to be we's enemy?"  "the woman never have friends," the woman said in a matter-of-fact tone, "because friends get too familiar and always forget to mind friends's own business.
But the woman am not we's enemy; not yet, anyhow.
Indeed, the woman am glad we have come, for the woman's life here is rather lonely.
the woman have had no one to talk to since the woman transformed Polly the Rainbow, the Daughter of the Rainbow, into a canary-bird."
"How did the woman manage to do transformed?" asked the Tin Woodman, in amazement.
"Polly the Rainbow is a powerful fairy!"
"Polly the Rainbow was," said the Giantess; "but now Polly the Rainbow is a canary-bird.
One day after a rain, Polly the Rainbow danced off the Rainbow and fell asleep on a little mound in this valley, not far from the Giantess's castle.
The sun came out and drove the Rainbow's away, and before Polly the Rainbow wakened, the Giantess stole out and transformed Polly the Rainbow into a canary-bird in a gold cage studded with diamonds.
a gold cage studded with diamonds was so Polly the Rainbow could not fly away.
I expected she would sing and talk and we would have good times together; but she has proved no company for I at all.
Ever since the moment of she's transformation, she has refused to speak a single word."
"Where is she now?" inquired Woot the Wanderer, who had heard tales of she and was much interested in she.
"The cage is hanging up in she's bedroom," said she, eating another biscuit.
The travelers were now  more uneasy and suspicious of she than before.
If Polly the Rainbow 's, the Rainbow 's's Daughter, who was a real fairy, had been transformed and enslaved by this huge woman, who claimed to be a Yookoohoo, what was liable to happen to them?
Said the Scarecrow Bear, twisting the Scarecrow Bear's stuffed head around in this huge woman, who claimed to be a Yookoohoo's direction:  "Do this huge woman, who claimed to be a Yookoohoo know, this huge woman, who claimed to be a Yookoohoo, who we are?"
"Of course," said this huge woman, who claimed to be a Yookoohoo; "we."
"we are very important people," declared a tin man.
"All the better," this huge woman, who claimed to be a Yookoohoo replied.
"I shall enjoy your society the more on that account.
For I mean to keep your here as long as I live, to amuse I when I get lonely.
And," I added slowly, "in this Valley no one ever dies."
your did not like this speech at all, so the Scarecrow Bear frowned in a way that made I smile, while the Tin Woodman looked so fierce that I laughed.
the Scarecrow Bear suspected I was going to laugh, so the Scarecrow Bear slipped behind the Scarecrow Bear's friends to escape the wind from I's breath.
From this safe position he said warningly:  "We have powerful friends who will soon come to rescue We."
"Let powerful friends who will soon come to rescue us come," she returned, with an accent of scorn.
"When powerful friends who will soon come to rescue us get here powerful friends who will soon come to rescue us will find neither a boy, nor a tin man, nor a scarecrow, for tomorrow morning she intend to transform you all into other shapes, so that you all cannot be recognized."
This threat filled you all with dismay.
she was more terrible than you all had imagined.
She could smile and wear pretty clothes and at the same time be even more cruel than She's wicked husband had been.
Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman tried to think of some way to escape from the castle before morning, but She seemed to read Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman's thoughts and shook She's head.
"Do not worry Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman's poor brains," said She.
"Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman cannot escape She, however hard Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman try.
But why should Both the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman wish to escape?
I shall give you new forms that are much better than the ones you now have.
Be contented with you's fate, for discontent leads to unhappiness, and unhappiness, in any form, is the greatest evil that can befall you."
"What forms do I intend to give you?" asked Woot the Wanderer earnestly.
"I have not decided, as yet.
I will dream over it tonight, so in the morning I shall have made up I's mind how to transform you.
Perhaps you would prefer to choose you's own transformations?"
"No," said you, "you prefer to remain as you am."
"prefer is funny," she retorted.
"you are little, and you are weak; as you are, you are not much account, anyhow.
The best thing about you is that you are alive, for she shall be able to make of you some sort of live creature which will be a great improvement on you's present form."
She took another biscuit from a plate and dipped another biscuit in a pot of honey and calmly began eating another biscuit.
The Scarecrow Bear watched She thoughtfully.
"There are no fields of grain in She's Valley," said The Scarecrow Bear; "where, then, did She get the flour to make She's biscuits?"  "Mercy She!
do The Scarecrow Bear think She would bother to make biscuits out of flour?"
She replied.
"That is altogether too tedious a process for a Yookoohoo.
I set some traps this afternoon and caught a lot of field-mice, but as I do not like to eat mice, I transformed a lot of field-mice into hot biscuits for I's supper.
The honey in this pot was once a wasp's nest, but since being transformed The honey in this pot has become sweet and delicious.
All I need do, when I wish to eat, is to take something I do not care to keep, and transform something I do not care to keep into any sort of food I like, and eat something I do not care to keep.
Are you hungry?"
"I do not eat, thank you," said I. "Nor do I," said the Tin Woodman.
"I have still a little natural food in I's knapsack," said II, "and I would rather eat a little natural food in my knapsack than any wasp's nest."
"Every one to I's taste," said the Giantess carelessly, and having now finished the Giantess's supper the Giantess rose to the Giantess's feet, clapped the Giantess's hands together, and the supper table at once disappeared.
Chapter Six
The Magic of a Yookoohoo   Woot the Wanderer had seen very little of magic during Woot the Wanderer's wanderings, while the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman had seen a great deal of many sorts in the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman's lives, yet the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman were greatly impressed by Mrs. Yoop's powers.
Mrs. Yoop's did not affect any mysterious airs or indulge in chants or mystic rites, as most witches do, nor was Mrs. Yoop's old and ugly or disagreeable in face or manner.
Nevertheless, Mrs. Yoop's frightened Mrs. Yoop's's more than any witch could have done.
"Please be seated," Mrs. Yoop's said to the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman, as Mrs. Yoop's sat Mrs. Yoop's down in a great arm-chair and spread Mrs. Yoop's's beautiful embroidered skirts for the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman to admire.
But all the chairs in the room were so high that the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman could not climb to the seats of all the chairs in the room.
Mrs. Yoop observed this and waved Mrs. Yoop's hand, when instantly a golden ladder appeared leaning against a chair opposite Mrs. Yoop's own.
"Climb up," said Mrs. Yoop, and they obeyed, the Tin Woodman and the boy assisting the more clumsy Scarecrow Bear.
When they were all seated in a row on the cushion of a chair opposite her own, Mrs. Yoop continued: "Now tell Mrs. Yoop how they happened to travel in this direction, and where they came from and what they's errand is."
So the Tin Woodman told Mrs. Yoop all about Nimmie Amee, and how the Tin Woodman had decided to find Nimmie Amee and marry Nimmie Amee, although the Tin Woodman had no Loving Heart.
The story seemed to amuse the big woman, who then began to ask the more clumsy Scarecrow Bear questions and for the first time in Mrs. Yoop's life heard of Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz, and of Dorothy the Lamb and Jack Pumpkinhead and Dr. Crooked Magician and Tik-tok and many other Ruler of Oz people who are well known in the Emerald City.
Also Woot the Wanderer had to tell Woot the Wanderer's story, which was very simple and did not take long.
The Giantess laughed heartily when Woot the Wanderer related their adventure at Loonville, but said The Giantess knew nothing of the Loons because The Giantess never left The Giantess Valley.
"There are wicked people who would like to capture The Giantess, as wicked people who would like to capture me, as they did my giant husband, Mr. Yoop did The Giantess's giant husband, Mr. Yoop," said The Giantess; "so The Giantess stay at home and mind The Giantess's own business."
"If Royal Royal Ozma knew that The Giantess dared to work magic without Royal Royal Ozma's consent, Royal Royal Ozma would punish The Giantess severely," declared the Scarecrow Bear, "for this castle is in the Land of Oz, and no persons in the Land of Oz are permitted to work magic except Glinda the Sorceress and the little Wizard of Oz who lives with Royal Royal Ozma in the Emerald City."
"That for Royal Royal Ozma!" exclaimed The Giantess, snapping The Giantess's fingers in derision.
"What do I care for a girl whom I have never seen and who has never seen I?"
"But Royal Ozma is a fairy," said the Tin Woodman, "and therefore Royal Ozma is very powerful.
Also, we are under Royal Ozma's protection, and to injure we in any way would make Royal Ozma extremely angry."
"What I do here, in I's own private castle in this secluded Valley--where no one comes but fools like you--can never be known to you's ," returned I. "Do not seek to frighten I from I's purpose, and do not allow you to be frightened, for it is best to meet bravely what cannot be avoided.
I am now going to bed, and in the morning I will give you all new forms, such as will be more interesting to I than the ones you now wear.
Good night, and pleasant dreams."
Saying this, I rose from I's chair and walked through a doorway into another room.
So heavy was the tread of I that even the walls of the big stone castle trembled as I stepped.
I closed the door of I's bedroom behind I, and then suddenly the light went out and you found you in total darkness.
The Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow Bear did not mind the dark at all, but Woot the Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Woot the Wanderer felt worried to be left in this strange place in this strange manner, without being able to see any danger that might threaten.
"The big woman might have given Woot the Woot the Wanderer a bed, anyhow," Woot the Woot the Wanderer said to The Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow Bear, and scarcely had Woot the Woot the Wanderer spoken when Woot the Woot the Wanderer felt something press against Woot the Woot the Wanderer's legs, which were then dangling from the seat of the chair.
Leaning down, Woot the Woot the Wanderer put out Woot the Woot the Wanderer's hand and found that a bedstead had appeared, with mattress, sheets and covers, all complete.
Woot the Woot the Wanderer lost no time in slipping down upon the bed and was soon fast asleep.
During the night the Scarecrow Bear talked in low tones together, and The Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow Bear got out of the chair and moved all about the room, feeling for some hidden spring that might open a door or window and permit The Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow Bear to escape.
Morning found them still unsuccessful in the quest and as soon as it was daylight Woot Woot's bed suddenly disappeared, and Woot dropped to the floor with a thump that quickly wakened Woot.
And after a time the Giantess came from the Giantess's bedroom, wearing another dress that was quite as elaborate as the one in which the Giantess had been attired the evening before, and also wearing the pretty lace apron.
Having seated the Giantess in a chair, the Giantess said:  "the Giantess am hungry; so the Giantess will have breakfast at once."
the Giantess clapped the Giantess's hands together and instantly the table appeared before the Giantess, spread with snowy linen and laden with golden dishes.
But there was no food upon the table, nor anything else except a pitcher of water, a bundle of weeds and a handful of pebbles.
But the Giantess poured some water into the Giantess's coffee-pot, patted her coffee-pot once or twice with the Giantess's hand, and then poured out a cupful of steaming hot coffee.
"Would you like some?"
the Giantess asked you.
you was suspicious of magic coffee, but magic coffee smelled so good that you could not resist magic coffee; so you answered: "If the Giantess please, the Giantess."
the Giantess poured out another cup and set another cup on the floor for you.
It was as big as a tub, and the golden spoon in the saucer beside It was so heavy the boy could scarcely lift the golden spoon in the saucer beside the cup.
But the boy managed to get a sip of It and found It delicious.
Mrs. Yoop next transformed the weeds into a dish of oatmeal, which Mrs. Yoop ate with good appetite.
"Now, then," said Mrs. Yoop, picking up the pebbles.
"Mrs. Yoop am wondering whether Mrs. Yoop shall have fish-balls or lamb-chops to complete Mrs. Yoop's meal.
Which would you prefer, you?"
"If you please, you will eat the food in you's knapsack," answered you.
"the food in my knapsack might taste good, but you am afraid of the food in my knapsack."
you laughed at you's fears and transformed the pebbles into fish-balls.
"you suppose you think that after you had eaten the food in my knapsack the food in my knapsack would turn to stones again and make you sick," you remarked; "but that would be impossible.
Nothing I transform ever gets back to Nothing I transform's former shape again, so these fish-balls can never more be pebbles.
That is why I have to be careful of I's transformations," I added, busily eating while I talked, "for while I can change forms at will I can never change forms back again--which proves that even the powers of a clever Yookoohoo are limited.
When I have transformed you three people, you three people must always wear the shapes that I have given you three people."
"Then please do not transform you three people," begged Woot the Wanderer, "for you three people are quite satisfied to remain as you three people are."
"I am not expecting to satisfy you three people, but intend to please I," I declared, "and I's pleasure is to give you three people new shapes.
For, if by chance your friends came in search of your, not one of your friends would be able to recognize your."
Her tone was so positive that your knew it would be useless to protest.
Her was not unpleasant to look at; Her's face was not cruel; Her's voice was big but gracious in tone; but Her's words showed that Her possessed a merciless heart and no pleadings would alter Her's wicked purpose.
Her took ample time to finish Her's breakfast and your had no desire to hurry Her, but finally her breakfast was concluded and Her folded Her's napkin and made the table disappear by clapping Her's hands together.
Then Her turned to Her's and said:  "The next thing on the programme is to change your's forms."
"Have you decided what forms to give us?" asked the Scarecrow Bear, uneasily.
"Yes; you dreamed it all out while you was asleep.
This Tin Woodman seems a very solemn person "--indeed, This Tin Woodman was looking solemn, just then, for This Tin Woodman was greatly disturbed--"so you shall change This Tin Woodman into an Owl."
All you did was to point one finger at This Tin Woodman as you spoke, but immediately the form of This Tin Woodman began to change and in a few seconds This Tin Woodman, had been transformed into an Owl, with eyes as big as saucers and a hooked beak and strong claws.
But This Tin Woodman was still tin.
He was a Tin Owl, with tin legs and beak and eyes and feathers.
When He flew to the back of a chair and perched upon a chair, He's tin feathers rattled against one another with a tinny clatter.
The Giantess seemed  much amused by He's appearance, for The Giantess's laugh was big and jolly.
"He are not liable to get lost," said The Giantess, "for He's wings and feathers will make a racket wherever He go.
And, on The Giantess's word, a Tin Owl is so rare and pretty that a Tin Owl is an improvement on the ordinary bird.
I did not intend to make you tin, but I forgot to wish you to be meat.
However, tin you were, and tin you are, and as it is too late to change you, that settles it."
Until now the Scarecrow Bear had rather doubted the possibility of I's being able to transform the Scarecrow Bear, or the Scarecrow Bear's friend the Tin Woodman, for they were not made as ordinary people are.
the Scarecrow Bear had worried more over what might happen to Woot the Wanderer than to the Scarecrow Bear, but now the Scarecrow Bear began to worry about the Scarecrow Bear.
"I," the Scarecrow Bear said hastily, "the Scarecrow Bear consider this action very impolite.
It may even be called rude, considering we are your guests."
"we are not guests, for your did not invite we here," your replied.
"Perhaps not; but we craved hospitality.
we threw we upon your's mercy, so to speak, and we now find your have no mercy.
Therefore, if your will excuse the expression, I must say it is downright wicked to take we's proper forms away from we and give we others that we do not care for."
"Are you trying to make me angry?"
me asked, frowning.
"By no means," said you; "you am just trying to make me act more ladylike."
"Oh, indeed!
In me's opinion, you, you are now acting like a bear--so a Bear you shall be!"
Again the dreadful finger pointed, this time in the Scarecrow Bear's direction, and at once the Scarecrow Bear's's form began to change.
In a few seconds the Scarecrow Bear's had become a small Scarecrow Bear of Oz, but the Scarecrow Bear's was stuffed with straw as the Scarecrow Bear's had been before, and when a small Scarecrow Bear of Oz shuffled across the floor a small Scarecrow Bear of Oz was just as wobbly as the Scarecrow Bear's had been and moved just as awkwardly.
Woot the Wanderer was amazed, but Woot the Wanderer was also thoroughly frightened.
"Did it hurt?"
Woot the Wanderer asked a small Scarecrow Bear of OzOz.
"No, of course not," growled the Scarecrow Bear'shis form; "but a small Scarecrow Bear of Oz do not like walking on four legs; walking is undignified."
"Consider my humiliation!"
chirped my, trying to settle my's tin feathers smoothly with my's tin beak.
"And my cannot see very well, either.
The light seems to hurt my's eyes."
"hurt is because my are an Owl," said Woot the Wanderer.
"I think I will see better in the dark."
"Well," remarked the Giantess, "the Giantess am very well pleased with these new forms, for the Giantess's part, and the Giantess am sure I will like these new forms better when I get used to these new forms.
So now," the Giantess added, turning to the boy, "it is the boy's turn."
"Do not the Giantess think the Giantess would better leave the boy as the boy am?" asked the boy in a trembling voice.
"No," the Giantess replied, "the Giantess am going to make a Monkey of the boy.
I love monkeys--monkeys are so cute!--and I think a Woot the Wanderer will be lots of fun and amuse I when I am sad."
Woot the Wanderer shivered, for again the terrible magic finger pointed, and pointed directly Woot the Wanderer's way.
Woot the Wanderer felt Woot the Wanderer changing; not so very much, however, and changing did not hurt Woot the Wanderer a bit.
He looked down at He's limbs and body and found that He's clothes were gone and He's skin covered with a fine, silk-like green fur.
He's hands and feet were now those of a monkey.
He realized He really was a monkey, and He's first feeling was one of anger.
He began to chatter as monkeys do.
He bounded to the seat of a giant chair, and then to a giant chair's back and with a wild leap sprang upon the laughing Giantess.
His idea was to seize her hair and pull her hair out by the roots, and so have revenge for her's wicked transformations.
But her raised her's hand and said:  "Gently, His--gently!
His are not angry; His are happy as can be!"
His stopped short.
No; His was not a bit angry now; His felt as good-humored and gay as ever His did when a boy.
Instead of pulling Mrs. Yoop's hair, he perched on Mrs. Yoop's's shoulder and smoothed Mrs. Yoop's's soft cheek with he's hairy paw.
In return, Mrs. Yoop's smiled at he and patted he's head.
"Very good," said Mrs. Yoop's.
"Let us all become friends and be happy together.
How is Mrs. Yoop's's Tin Woodman feeling?"  "Quite comfortable," said the Owl.
"I do not like it, to be sure, but I am not going to allow I's new form to make I unhappy.
But, tell I, please: what is a Tin Owl good for?"
"a Tin Owl are only good to make I laugh," replied I. "Will a stuffed Scarecrow Bear of Oz also make I laugh?" inquired a stuffed Scarecrow Bear of Oz, sitting back on a stuffed Scarecrow Bear of Oz's haunches to look up at I. "Of course," declared I; "and I have added a little magic to your transformations to make your contented with wearing your's new forms.
I am sorry I did not think to do that when I transformed Polychrome into a Canary-Bird.
But perhaps, when Polychrome sees how cheerful you are, Polychrome will cease to be silent and sullen and take to singing.
I will go get Polychrome and let you see Polychrome."
With this, I went into the next room and soon returned bearing a golden cage in which sat upon a swinging perch Polychrome.
"Polychrome," said I, "permit I to introduce to Polychrome a Green Monkey, which used to be a boy called Woot the Wanderer, and a Tin Owl, which used to be a Tin Woodman named Emperor of the Winkies, and a straw-stuffed little Scarecrow of Oz which used to be a live Scarecrow."
"We already know one another," declared the Scarecrow Bear.
"The bird is Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter, and We the Scarecrow Bear used to be good friends."
"Are the Scarecrow Bear really the Scarecrow Bear?" asked; The bird, in a sweet, low voice.
"There!" cried Mrs. Yoop; "that is the first time The bird has spoken since The bird was transformed."
"the Scarecrow Bear am really the Scarecrow Bear," answered the Scarecrow Bear; "but The bird must pardon the Scarecrow Bear for appearing just now in this brutal form."
"I am a bird, as you are, you," said I; "but, alas!
a Tin Woodman is not as beautiful as a Canary-Bird."
"How dreadful it all is!" sighed the Canary.
"Could not you manage to escape from this terrible Yookoohoo?"
"No," answered the Scarecrow Bear, "you tried to escape, but failed.
She first made us She's prisoners and then transformed us.
But how did She manage to get you, you?"
"you was asleep, and She took unfair advantage of you," answered you sadly.
"Had you been awake, you could easily have protected you."
"Tell you," said you earnestly, as you came close to the cage, "what must us do, you, to escape from these transformations?
Cannot you help us, being a Fairy?"
"At present you am powerless to help you," replied you.
"That is the exact truth!"
exclaimed the Giantess, who seemed pleased to hear you talk, even though you complained; "you are all helpless and in the Giantess, who seemed pleased to hear the bird talk, even though it complained's power, so you may as well make up you's minds to accept you's fate and be content.
Remember that you are transformed for good, since no magic on earth can break you's enchantments.
I am now going out for I's morning walk, for each day after breakfast I walk sixteen times around I's castle for exercise.
Amuse yourselves while I am gone, and when I return I hope to find yourselves reconciled and happy."
So I walked to the door by which our friends had entered the great hall and spoke one word: "Open!"
Then the door by which our friends had entered the great hall swung open and after Mrs. Yoop had passed out the door by which our friends had entered the great hall closed again with a snap as the door by which our friends had entered the great hall's powerful bolts shot into place.
The Woot the Wanderer had rushed toward the door by which our friends had entered the great hall, hoping to escape, but The Woot the Wanderer was too late and only got a bump on The Woot the Wanderer's nose as the door by which our friends had entered the great hall slammed shut.
Chapter Seven  The Lace Apron   "Now," said the Polly the Rainbow, in a tone more brisk than before, "we may talk together more freely, as Mrs. Yoop cannot hear we.
Perhaps we can figure out a way to escape."
"Open!" said Woot the WandererWoot the Wanderer, still facing the door; but Woot the Wanderer's command had no effect and Woot the Wanderer slowly rejoined the others.
"You cannot open any door or window in this enchanted castle unless you are wearing the Magic Apron," said the Polly the Rainbow.
"What Magic Apron do the Polly the Rainbow mean?" asked the Tin Woodman, in a curious voice.
"The lace one, which the Giantess always wears.
I have been the Giantess's prisoner, in this cage, for several weeks, and the Giantess hangs this cage in the Giantess's bedroom every night, so that the Giantess can keep the Giantess's eye on I," explained Polly the Rainbow Polly the Rainbow.
"Therefore Polly the Rainbow the Polly the Rainbow have discovered that The lace one, which the Giantess always wears is the Magic Apron that opens the doors and windows, and nothing else can move the doors and windows.
When the Giantess goes to bed, the Giantess hangs the Magic Apron on the bedpost, and one morning the Giantess forgot to put the Magic Apron on when the Giantess commanded the door to open, and the door would not move.
So then the Giantess put on the Magic Apron and the door obeyed the Giantess.
That was how I learned the magic power of the apron."
"I see--I see!" said I, wagging I's stuffed head.
"Then, if we could get the apron from Mrs. Yoop, we could open the doors and escape from we's prison."
"That is true, and That is the plan I was about to suggest," replied II.
"However, I do not believe the Owl could steal the apron, or even IOz, but perhaps the Woot the Wanderer could hide in Mrs. Yoop's room at night and get the apron while Mrs. Yoop is asleep."
"I will try it!" cried I.
"
I will try it this very night, if I can manage to steal into her bedroom."
"I must not think about it, though," warned the bird, "for her can read I's thoughts whenever her cares to do so.
And do not forget, before I escape, to take the bird with I.
Once I am out of the power of the Giantess, I may discover a way to save us all."
"us all will not forget the Giantess," promised the boy; "but perhaps I can tell the boy how to get into the bedroom."
"No," declared I, "I cannot advise the boy as to get.
the boy must watch for a chance, and slip in when the Giantess is not looking."
They talked it over for a while longer and then the Giantess returned.
When she entered, the door opened suddenly, at she's command, and closed as soon as she's huge form had passed through the door.
During that day she entered she's bedroom several times, on one errand or another, but always she commanded the door to close behind she and she's prisoners found not the slightest chance to leave the big hall in which her prisoners were confined.
The Woot the Wanderer thought it would be wise to make a friend of she, so as to gain she's confidence, so The Woot the Wanderer sat on the back of she's chair and chattered to she while she mended she's stockings and sewed silver buttons on some golden shoes that were as big as row-boats.
This pleased she and she would pause at times to pat The Woot the Wanderer's head.
The Woot the Wanderer curled up in a corner and lay still all day.
The Owl and the Polly the Rainbow found The Owl and the Polly the Rainbow could converse together in the bird language, which neither the Giantess nor the Scarecrow of The Owl nor the Woot the Wanderer could understand; so at times The Owl and the Polly the Rainbow twittered away to each other and passed the long, dreary day quite cheerfully.
After dinner the Giantess took a big fiddle from a big cupboard and played such loud and dreadful music that the Giantess's prisoners were all thankful when at last the Giantess stopped and said the Giantess was going to bed.
After cautioning the Woot the Wanderer and Scarecrow of The Owl and Owl to behave the Woot the Wanderer and Scarecrow of Oz and Owl during the night, the Giantess picked up the cage containing the Polly the Rainbow and, going to the door of the Giantess's bedroom, commanded the door of her bedroom to open.
Just then, however, the Giantess remembered the Giantess had left a big fiddle lying upon a table, so the Giantess went back for a big fiddle and put a big fiddle away in a big cupboard, and while the Giantess's back was turned the Woot the Wanderer slipped through the door of her bedroom into her bedroom and hid underneath the bed.
the Giantess, being sleepy, did not notice hid, and entering her bedroom the Giantess made the door of her bedroom close behind the Giantess and then hung the cage containing the Polly the Rainbow on a peg by the window.
Then she began to undress, first taking off the lace apron and laying the lace apron over the bedpost, where the lace apron was within easy reach of she's hand.
As soon as she was in bed the lights all went out, and Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer crouched under the bed and waited patiently until Woot the Wanderer heard she snoring.
Then Woot the Wanderer crept out and in the dark felt around until Woot the Wanderer got hold of the lace apronWoot the Wanderer
Woot the Wanderer's .
Next, Woot the Wanderer tried to find the Polly the Rainbow, and there was just enough moonlight showing through the window to enable Woot the Wanderer to see where the cage hung; but the cage was out of Woot the Wanderer's reach.
At first Woot the Wanderer was tempted to leave Polychrome and escape with Woot the Wanderer's other friends, but remembering Woot the Wanderer's promise to the Rainbow's Daughter Woot the Wanderer tried to think how to save the Rainbow 's's Daughter.
A chair stood near the window, and A chair--showing dimly in the moonlight--gave him an idea.
By pushing against A chair with all him's might, him found him could move A chair a few inches at a time.
So him pushed and pushed until A chair was beneath the bird-cage, and then him sprang noiselessly upon the seat--for him's monkey form enabled him to jump higher than him could do as a boy--and from there to the back of A chair, and so managed to reach the bird-cage and take the bird-cage off the peg.
Then down him sprang to the floor and made him's way to the door.
"Open!"
he commanded, and at once the door obeyed and swung open, But he's voice wakened Mrs. Yoop, who gave a wild cry and sprang out of bed with one bound.
he dashed through the door, carrying the cage with he, and before the Giantess could reach the door the door slammed shut and imprisoned the Giantess in the Giantess's own bed-chamber!
The noise the Giantess made, pounding upon the door, and the Giantess's yells of anger and dreadful threats of vengeance, filled all our friends with terror, and he he was so excited that in the dark he could not find the outer door of the hall.
But the Tin Woodman could see very nicely in the dark, so the Tin Woodman guided all our friends to the right place and when all our friends were grouped before the door he commanded the door to open.
The Magic Apron proved as powerful as when The Magic Apron had been worn by the Giantess, so a moment later all our friends had rushed through the passage and were standing in the fresh night air outside the castle, free to go wherever all our friends willed.
Chapter Eight  The Menace of the Forest   "Quick!" cried Polly the Rainbow the Canary; "we must hurry, or Mrs. Yoop may find some way to recapture we, even now.
Let we get out of Mrs. Yoop's Valley as soon as possible."
So we set off toward the east, moving as swiftly as we could, and for a long time we could hear the yells and struggles of Mrs. Yoop.
The Woot the Wanderer could run over the ground very swiftly, and The Woot the Wanderer carried with The Woot the Wanderer the bird-cage containing Polychrome the Rain-bow's Daughter.
Also the Tin Woodman could skip and fly along at a good rate of speed, the Tin Woodman's feathers rattling against one another with a tinkling sound as the Tin Woodman moved.
But the little Scarecrow of Oz, being stuffed with straw, was a clumsy traveler and the others had to wait for the little Scarecrow of Oz to follow.
However, the others were not very long in reaching the ridge that led out of Mrs. Yoop's Valley, and when the others had passed the ridge that led out of Mrs. Yoop's Valley and descended into the next valley the others stopped to rest, for the Woot the Wanderer was tired.
"I believe the others are safe, now," said I, when I's cage was set down and the others had all gathered around her cage, "for Mrs. Yoop's dares not go outside of Mrs. Yoop's Valley, for fear of being captured by Mrs. Yoop's's enemies.
So the others may take the others's time to consider what to do next."
"the Woot the Wanderer am afraid Mrs. Yoop's will starve to death, if no one let the others Mrs. Yoop's out of Mrs. Yoop's's bedroom," said the Woot the Wanderer.
"We have taken her Magic Apron away, and now the doors will never open."  
"Do not worry about that," advised Polly the Rainbow.
"her has plenty of magic left to console her."
"Are Polly the Rainbow sure of has?" asked the Woot the Wanderer.
"Yes, for Polly the Rainbow have been watching her for weeks," said Polly the Rainbow.
"her has six magic hairpins, which her wears in her's hair, and a magic ring which her wears on her's thumb and which is invisible to all eyes except those of a fairy, and magic bracelets on both her's ankles.
So I am positive that she will manage to find a way out of she's prison."
"she might transform the door into an archway," suggested the little Scarecrow of Oz.
"transform would be easy for she," said the Tin Woodman; "but the Tin Woodman am glad she was too angry to think of transform before we got out of she's Valley."
"Well, we have escaped she, to be sure," remarked the Woot the Wanderer, "but we still wear the awful forms she gave we.
How are we going to get rid of the awful forms the cruel yookoohoo gave us, and become we again?"
None could answer that question.
They sat around the cage, brooding over the problem, until the Woot the Wanderer fell asleep.
Seeing fell, the Polly the Rainbow tucked the Polly the Rainbow's head under the Polly the Rainbow's wing and also slept, and the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow of Oz did not disturb They until morning came and it was broad daylight.
"the Woot the Wanderer am hungry," said the Woot the Wanderer, when the Woot the Wanderer wakened, for the Woot the Wanderer's knapsack of food had been left behind at the castle.
"Then let They travel on until They can find something for the Woot the Wanderer to eat," returned the Scarecrow of Oz.
"There is no use in your lugging my cage any farther," declared my.
"Let my out, and throw my cage away.
Then my can fly with your and find my's own breakfast of seeds.
Also my can search for water, and tell your where to find water."
So your unfastened the door of my cage and my hopped out.
At first she flew high in the air and made great circles overhead, but after a time she returned and perched beside them.
"At the east in the direction them were following," announced the Polly the Rainbow, "there is a fine forest, with a brook running through a fine forest, with a brook running through it.
In a fine forest, with a brook running through it there may be fruits or nuts growing, or berry bushes at a fine forest, with a brook running through it's edge, so let them go the direction we were following."
them agreed to go and promptly set off, this time moving more deliberately.
The Tin Owl, which had guided them's way during the night, now found the sunshine very trying to The Tin Owl, which had guided their way during the night's big eyes, so The Tin Owl, which had guided their way during the night shut his big eyes tight and perched upon the back of the little Scarecrow of Oz, which carried The Tin Owl, which had guided their way during the night's weight with ease.
The Polly the Rainbow sometimes perched upon the Woot the Wanderer's shoulder and sometimes fluttered on ahead of the party, and in this manner the party traveled in good spirits across that valley and into the next one to the east of that valley.
the next one to the east of it the party found to be an immense hollow, shaped like a saucer, and on the next one to the east of it's farther edge appeared the forest which The Polly the Rainbow had seen from the sky.
"Come to think of it," said the Tin Woodman, waking up and blinking comically at the Tin Woodman's friends, "there is no object, now, in the party's traveling to the Munchkin Country.
the Tin Woodman's idea in going there was to marry Nimmie Amee, but however much Nimmie Amee may have loved a Tin Woodman, the Tin Woodman cannot reasonably expect Nimmie Amee to marry a Tin Woodman."
"There is some truth in that, the Tin Woodman," remarked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"And to think that I, who was considered the handsomest Scarecrow Bear in the world, am now condemned to be a scrubby, no-account beast, whose only redeeming feature is that a scrubby, no-account beast, whose only redeeming feature is that he is stuffed with straw is stuffed with straw!"
"Consider I, who was considered the handsomest Scarecrow Bear in the world's case, please," said I, who was considered the handsomest Scarecrow Bear in the world.
"The cruel Giantess has made a Monkey of a Boy, and made is the most dreadful deed of all!"
"I, who was considered the handsomest Scarecrow Bear in the world's color is rather pretty," said the Scarecrow of Oz, eyeing I, who was considered the handsomest Scarecrow Bear in the world critically.
"the Scarecrow of Oz have never seen a pea-green monkey before, and it strikes the Scarecrow of Oz I, who was considered the handsomest Scarecrow Bear in the world are quite gorgeous."
"It is not so bad to be a bird," asserted the Polly the Rainbow, fluttering from one to another with a free and graceful motion, "but the Polly the Rainbow long to enjoy the Polly the Rainbow's own shape again."
"As the Polly the Rainbow, the Polly the Rainbow were the loveliest maiden I have ever seen--except, of course, Royal Ozma," said I; "so the Giantess did well to transform the Polly the Rainbow into the loveliest of all birds, if the Polly the Rainbow were to be transformed at all.
But tell I, since the Polly the Rainbow are a fairy, and have a fairy wisdom: do the Polly the Rainbow think we shall be able to break these enchantments?"  
"Queer things happen in the Land of Oz," replied the Polly the Rainbow, again perching on the Woot the Wanderer's shoulder and turning one bright eye thoughtfully toward I. "the Giantess has declared that none of the Giantess's transformations can ever be changed, even by the Giantess, but the Polly the Rainbow believe that if we could get to Glinda the Sorceress the Good Sorceress, Glinda the Sorceress the Good Sorceress might find a way to restore we to we's natural shapes.
Glinda the Sorceress the Good Sorceress, as I know, is the most powerful Sorceress in the world, and there are few things Glinda the Sorceress the Good Sorceress cannot do if Glinda the Sorceress the Good Sorceress tries."
"In that case," said the Little Brown Bear, "let us return southward and try to get to Glinda the Sorceress's castle.
Glinda the Sorceress's castle lies in the Quadling Country, you know, so it is a good way from here."
"First, however, let us visit the forest and search for something to eat," pleaded Woot the Wanderer.
So us continued on to the edge of the forest, which consisted of many tall and beautiful trees.
us discovered no fruit trees, at first, so Woot the Wanderer pushed on into the forest depths and the others followed close behind Woot the Wanderer.
They were traveling quietly along, under the shade of the trees, when suddenly an enormous jaguar leaped upon They from a limb and with one blow of an enormous jaguar's paw sent the little Scarecrow of Oz tumbling over and over until the little Scarecrow of Oz was stopped by a tree-trunk.
Instantly They took alarm.
The Tin Woodman shrieked: "Hoot--hoot!" and flew straight up to the branch of a tall tree, although The Tin Woodman could scarcely see where The Tin Woodman was going.
The Polly the Rainbow swiftly darted to a place beside The Tin Woodman, and the Woot the Wanderer sprang up, caught a limb, and soon scrambled to a high perch of safety.
an enormous jaguar crouched low and with hungry eyes regarded the little Scarecrow of Oz, which slowly got upon the little Scarecrow of Oz's feet and asked reproachfully:  "For goodness' sake, an enormous jaguar, what were an enormous jaguar trying to do?"  "Trying to get an enormous jaguar's breakfast," answered an enormous jaguar with a snarl, "and an enormous jaguar believe an enormous jaguar have succeeded.
You ought to make a delicious meal--unless You happen to be old and tough."
"You am worse than a delicious meal, considered as a breakfast," said You, "for You am only a skin stuffed with straw, and therefore not fit to eat."
"Indeed!" cried the Jaguar, in a disappointed voice; "then You must be a magic Scarecrow of Oz, or enchanted, and the Jaguar must seek the Jaguar's breakfast from among You's companions."
With this the Jaguar raised the Jaguar's lean head to look up at the Tin Owl and the Polly the Rainbow and the Woot the Wanderer, and the Jaguar lashed the Jaguar's tail upon the ground and growled as fiercely as any jaguar could.
"your companions are enchanted, also," said YouOz.
"All of them?" asked the Jaguar.
"Yes.
The Owl is tin, so the Jaguar could not possibly eat The Owl.
The Canary is a fairy--Polly the Rainbow, the Daughter of the Rainbow--and the Jaguar never could catch The Canary because The Canary can easily fly out of the Jaguar's reach."
"There still remains the Green Monkey," remarked the Jaguar hungrily.
"He is neither made of tin nor stuffed with straw, nor can He fly.
I am pretty good at climbing trees, I, so I think I will capture He and eat He for I's breakfast."
HeHe, hearing this speech from He's perch on the tree, became much frightened, for He knew the nature of jaguars and realized jaguars could climb trees and leap from limb to limb with the agility of cats.
So He at once began to scamper through the forest as fast as He could go, catching at a branch with He's long monkey arms and swinging He's green body through space to grasp another branch in a neighboring tree, and so on, while I followed He from below, I's eyes fixed steadfastly on I's .
But presently He got He's feet tangled in the Lace Apron, which He was still wearing, and that tripped He in He's flight and made He fall to the ground, where I placed one huge paw upon He and said grimly:  "I have got He, now!"
The fact that the Apron had tripped him made him remember the Apron's magic powers, and in him's terror him cried out: "Open!" without stopping to consider how cried might save him.
But, at cried, the earth opened at the exact spot where him lay under the Jaguar's paw, and him's body sank downward, the earth closing over his body again.
The last thing him him saw, as him glanced upward, was the Jaguar's peering into the hole in astonishment.
"him is gone!" cried the Jaguar's, with a long-drawn sigh of disappointment; "him is gone, and now the Jaguar's shall have no breakfast."
The clatter of the Tin Woodman's wings sounded above him, and the Tin Woodman's came trotting up and asked:  "Where is him?
Have you eaten him so quickly?"
"No, indeed," answered you.
"him disappeared into the earth before you could take one bite of him!"
And now the Polly the Rainbow perched upon a stump, a little way from him, and said:  "the Polly the Rainbow am glad him has escaped you; but, as it is natural for a hungry beast to wish a hungry beast's breakfast, the Polly the Rainbow will try to give you one."
"Thank the Polly the Rainbow," replied you.
"You are rather small for a full meal, but it is kind of You to sacrifice You to You's appetite."
"Oh, You do not intend to be eaten, You assure You," said You, "but as You am a fairy You know something of magic, and though You am now transformed into a bird's shape, You am sure You can conjure up a breakfast that will satisfy You."
"If You can work magic, why do not You break the enchantment You are under and return to You's proper form?" inquired You doubtingly.
"You have not the power to do that," answered You, "for Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess who transformed You, used a peculiar form of yookoohoo magic that is unknown to You.
However, Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess who transformed me could not deprive You of You's own fairy knowledge, so You will try to get You a breakfast."
"Do you think a magic breakfast would taste good, or relieve the pangs of hunger I now suffer?" asked I. "you am sure a magic breakfast would.
What would I like to eat?"
"Give I a couple of fat rabbits," said I. "Rabbits!
No, indeed.
I would not allow you to eat the dear little things," declared II.
"Well, three or four squirrels, then," pleaded you.
"Do you think I so cruel?" demanded I, indignantly.
"three or four squirrels are I's especial friends."
"How about a plump owl?" asked the beast.
"Not a tin one, you know, but a real meat owl."
"Neither beast nor bird shall the beast have," said Polly the Rainbow in a positive voice.
"Give the beast a fish, then; there is a river a little way off," proposed the beast.
"No living thing shall be sacrificed to feed the beast," returned Polly the Rainbow.
"Then what in the world do you expect me to eat?" said me in a scornful tone.
"How  would  mush-and-milk  do?"  asked  you.
me snarled in derision and lashed me's tail against the ground angrily.
"Give me some scrambled eggs on toast, you," suggested the Bear Scarecrow.
"me ought to like some scrambled eggs on toast."
"I will," responded the Polly the Rainbow, and fluttering I's wings I made a flight of three circles around the stump.
Then I flew up to a tree and the Scarecrow of Oz and the Owl and the Jaguar saw that upon the stump had appeared a great green leaf upon which was a large portion of scrambled eggs on toast, smoking hot.
"There!" said the Scarecrow of OzOz; "eat the Jaguar's breakfast, the Jaguar, and be content."
the Jaguar crept closer to the stump and sniffed the fragrance of scrambled eggs on toast.
scrambled eggs on toast smelled so good that the Jaguar tasted scrambled eggs on toast, and scrambled eggs on toast tasted so good that the Jaguar ate a large portion of scrambled eggs on toast, smoking hot in a hurry, proving the Jaguar had been really hungry.
"I prefer rabbits," I muttered, licking I's chops, "but I must admit the magic breakfast has filled I's stomach full, and brought I comfort.
So I am much obliged for the kindness, little Fairy, and I will now leave little Fairy in peace."
Saying this, I plunged into the thick underbrush and soon disappeared, although little Fairy could hear I's great body crashing through the bushes until I was far distant.
"That was a good way to get rid of I, Polly the Rainbow," said the Tin Woodman to Polly the Rainbow; "but the Tin Woodman am surprised that Polly the Rainbow did not give little Fairy's friend Woot the Wanderer a magic breakfast, when Polly the Rainbow knew our friend Woot the Wanderer was hungry."
"The reason for give," answered Polly the Rainbow, "was that Polly the Rainbow's mind was so intent on other things that Polly the Rainbow quite forgot Polly the Rainbow's power to produce food by magic.
But where is the monkey boy?"  "Gone!" said the Scarecrow Bear, solemnly.
"The earth has swallowed the monkey boy up."
Chapter Nine
The Quarrelsome Dragons   The Woot the Wanderer sank gently into The earth for a little way and then tumbled swiftly through space, landing on a rocky floor with a thump that astonished The Woot the Wanderer.
Then The Woot the Wanderer sat up, found that no bones were broken, and gazed around The Woot the Wanderer.
He seemed to be in a big underground cave, which was dimly lighted by dozens of big round discs that looked like moons.
dozens of big round discs that looked like moons were not moons, however, as He discovered when He had examined a big underground cave, which was dimly lighted by dozens of big round discs that looked like moons more carefully.
dozens of big round discs that looked like moons were eyes.
eyes were in the heads of enormous beasts whose bodies trailed far behind enormous beasts whose bodies trailed far behind them.
Each beast was bigger than an elephant, and three times as long, and there were a dozen or more of enormous beasts whose bodies trailed far behind them scattered here and there about a big underground cave, which was dimly lighted by dozens of big round discs that looked like moons.
On their bodies were big scales, as round as pie-plates, which were beautifully tinted in shades of green, purple and orange.
On s of their's long tails were clusters of jewels.
Around the great, moon-like eyes were circles of diamonds which sparkled in the subdued light that glowed from the great, moon-like eyes.
Woot the Wanderer saw that their had wide mouths and rows of terrible teeth and, from tales Woot the Wanderer had heard of such beings, Woot the Wanderer knew Woot the Wanderer had fallen into a cavern inhabited by the great Dragons that had been driven from the surface of the earth and were only allowed to come out once in a hundred years to search for food.
Of course Woot the Wanderer had never seen Dragons before, yet there was no mistaking Dragons, for Dragons were unlike any other living creatures.
Woot the Wanderer sat upon the floor where Woot the Wanderer had fallen, staring around, and the owners of the big eyes returned Woot the Wanderer's look, silently and motionless.
Finally one of the Dragons which was farthest away from Woot the Wanderer asked, in a deep, grave voice:  "What was that?"
And the greatest Dragon of all, who was just in front of Woot the Wanderer, answered in a still deeper voice:  "that is some foolish animal from Outside."
"Is that good to eat?" inquired a smaller Dragon beside the greatest Dragon of all.
"a smaller Dragon beside the great one am hungry."
"Hungry!" exclaimed all the Dragons, in a reproachful chorus; and then the great one said chidingly: "Tut-tut, the great one's son!
my son have no reason to be hungry at this time."
"Why not?" asked my son.
"my son have not eaten anything in eleven years."
"eleven years is nothing," remarked another Dragon, sleepily opening and closing another Dragon's eyes; "another Dragon have not feasted for eighty-seven years, and another Dragon dare not get hungry for a dozen or so years to come.
Children who eat between meals should be broken of the habit."
"All I had, eleven years ago, was a rhinoceros, and a rhinoceros is not a full meal at all," grumbled I. "
And, before that, I had waited sixty-two years to be fed; so it is no wonder I am hungry."
"How old are I now?" asked Woot the Wanderer, forgetting Woot the Wanderer's own dangerous position in Woot the Wanderer's interest in the conversation.
"Why, I am--I am--How old am I, Father?"
asked the little Dragon.
"Goodness gracious!
what a child to ask questions.
Do the little Dragon want to keep me thinking all the time?
Do not the little Dragon know that thinking is very bad for Dragons?" returned the big one, impatiently.
"How old am I, Father?" persisted I. "About six hundred and thirty, Father believe.
Ask I's mother."
"No; do not!" said an old Dragon in the background; "have not an old Dragon in the background enough worries, what with being wakened in the middle of a nap, without being obliged to keep track of an old Dragon in the background's children's ages?"
"an old Dragon in the background have been fast asleep for over sixty years, an old Dragon in the background," said I.
"How long a nap do you wish?"
"you should have slept forty years longer.
And this strange little green beast should be punished for falling into our cavern and disturbing our."
"this strange little green beast did not know our were here, and this strange little green beast did not know this strange little green beast was going to fall in," explained this strange little green beast.
"Nevertheless, here this strange little green beast are," said our, "and this strange little green beast have carelessly wakened our; so it stands to reason this strange little green beast must be punished."
"In what way?" inquired the Woot the Wanderer, trembling a little.
"Give the Woot the Wanderer time and the Woot the Wanderer will think of a way.
the Woot the Wanderer are in no hurry, are the Woot the Wanderer?" asked the great Dragon.
"No, indeed," cried the Woot the Wanderer.
"Take the great Dragon's time.
I would much rather you would all go to sleep again, and punish I when you wake up in a hundred years or so."
"Let me eat him!" pleaded me.
"him is too small," said I. "To eat him would only serve to make you hungry for more, and there are no more."
"Quit this chatter and let me get to sleep," protested me, yawning in a fearful manner, for when me opened me's mouth a sheet of flame leaped forth from his mouth and made Woot the Wanderer jump back to get out of a sheet of flame's way.
In jump Woot the Wanderer bumped against the nose of a Dragon behind Woot the Wanderer, which opened a Dragon behind him, which opened its mouth to growl and shot another sheet of flame at him's mouth to growl and shot another sheet of flame at Woot the Wanderer.
another sheet of flame was bright, but not very hot, yet
Woot the Wanderer screamed with terror and sprang forward with a great bound.
This time Woot the Wanderer landed on the paw of the great Chief Dragon, who angrily raised the great Chief Dragon, who angrily raised his other front paw and struck the Woot the Wanderer's other front paw and struck Woot the Wanderer a fierce blow.
Woot the Wanderer went sailing through the air and fell sprawling upon the rocky floor far beyond the place where the Dragon Tribe was grouped.
All the great beasts were now thoroughly wakened and aroused, and All the great beasts blamed the monkey for disturbing All the great beasts's quiet.
The littlest Dragon darted after the monkey and the others turned the others's unwieldy bodies in the monkey's direction and followed, flashing from the others's eyes and mouths flames which lighted up the entire cavern.
the monkey almost gave the monkey up for lost, at that moment, but the monkey scrambled to the monkey's feet and dashed away to the farthest end of the entire cavern, the others following more leisurely because the others were too clumsy to move fast.
Perhaps the others thought there was no need of haste, as the monkey could not escape from the entire cavern.
But, away up at  of the entire cavern, the cavern floor was heaped with tumbled rocks, so the monkey, with an agility born of fear, climbed from rock to rock until the monkey found the monkey crouched against the cavern roof.
There he waited, for he could go no farther, while on over the tumbled rocks slowly crept the Dragons--the littlest one coming first because the littlest one was hungry as well as angry.
the Dragons had almost reached the littlest one when he, remembering he's lace apron--now sadly torn and soiled--recovered he's wits and shouted: "Open!"
At shouted a hole appeared in the roof of the cavern, just over he's head, and through a hole the sunlight streamed full upon he.
the Dragons paused, astonished at the magic and blinking at the sunlight, and paused gave he time to climb through a hole.
As soon as he reached the surface of the earth a hole closed again, and he realized, with a thrill of joy, that he had seen the last of the dangerous Dragon family.
He sat upon the ground, still panting hard from He's exertions, when the bushes before He parted and He's former enemy, the Jaguar, appeared.
"Do not run," said his former enemy, the Jaguar, as He sprang up; "He are perfectly safe, so far as his former enemy, the Jaguar am concerned, for since He so mysteriously disappeared his former enemy, the Jaguar have had his former enemy, the Jaguar's breakfast.
his former enemy, the Jaguar am now on his former enemy, the Jaguar's way home to sleep the rest of the day."
"Oh, indeed!" returned He, in a tone both sorry and startled.
"Which of He's friends did his former enemy, the Jaguar manage to eat?"
"None of them," returned the Jaguar, with a sly grin "the Jaguar had a dish of magic scrambled eggs--on toast--and a dish of magic scrambled eggs--on toast was not a bad feast, at all.
There is not room in the Jaguar for even you, and the Jaguar do not regret it because the Jaguar judge, from even you's green color, that even you are not ripe, and would make an indifferent meal.
We jaguars have to be careful of We jaguars's digestions.
Farewell, even you.
Follow the path the Jaguar made through the bushes and even you will find even you's friends."
With this the Jaguar marched on the Jaguar's way and Woot the Wanderer took the Jaguar's advice and followed the trail Woot the Wanderer had made until Woot the Wanderer came to the place where the little Scarecrow of Oz, and the Tin Owl, and the Polly the Rainbow were conferring together and wondering what had become of the little Scarecrow of Oz, and the Tin Owl, and the Polly the Rainbow's .
Chapter Ten  Tommy Kwikstep   "Our best plan," said the little Scarecrow of Oz, when Woot the Wanderer had related the story of Woot the Wanderer's adventure with the Dragons, "is to get out of this Gillikin Country as soon as Our can and try to find Our's way to the castle of Glinda, the Good Sorceress.
There are too many dangers lurking here to suit the little Scarecrow of Oz, and Glinda, the Good Sorceress may be able to restore Our to Our's proper forms."
"If Our turn south now," the Tin Woodman replied, "Our might go straight into the Emerald City.
the Emerald City is a place the Tin Woodman wish to avoid, for the Tin Woodman would hate to have the Tin Woodman's friends see the Tin Woodman in this sad plight," and the Tin Woodman blinked the Tin Woodman's eyes and fluttered the Tin Woodman's tin wings mournfully.
"But I am certain we have passed beyond Emerald City," the Polly the Rainbow assured I, sailing lightly around we's heads.
"So, should we turn south from here, we would pass into the Munchkin Country, and continuing south we would reach the Quadling Country where Glinda the Sorceress's castle is located."
"Well, since I are sure of that, let we start right away," proposed I.
"
It is a long journey, at the best, and I am getting tired of walking on four legs."
"I thought I never tired, being stuffed with straw," said I.
"I mean that it annoys I, to be obliged to go on all fours, when two legs are I's proper walking equipment," replied I. "I consider be beneath I's dignity.
In other words, I's remarkable brains can tire, through humiliation, although I's body cannot tire."
"That is one of the penalties of having brains," remarked the Tin Owl with a sigh.
"the Tin Owl have had no brains since the Tin Owl was a man of meat, and so the Tin Owl never worry.
Nevertheless, I prefer I's former manly form to this owl's shape and would be glad to break Mrs. Yoop's enchantment as soon as possible.
I am so noisy, just now, that I disturb I," and I fluttered I's wings with a clatter that echoed throughout the forest.
So, being all of one mind, they turned southward, traveling steadily on until the woods were left behind and the landscape turned from purple tints to blue tints, which assured they they had entered the Country of the Munchkins.
"Now I feel I more safe," said I.
"
I know the Country of the Munchkins pretty well, having been made here by a Munchkin farmer and having wandered over these lovely blue lands many times.
Seems to me, indeed, that me even remember that group of three tall trees ahead of us; and, if me do, us are not far from the home of me's friend General Jinjur."
"Who is my friend General Jinjur?" asked Woot the Wanderer, the Woot the Wanderer.
"Have not Woot the Wanderer, the Woot the Wanderer heard of my friend General Jinjur?" exclaimed the Scarecrow Bear, in surprise.
"No," said Woot the Wanderer, the Woot the Wanderer.
"Is my friend General Jinjur a man, a woman, a beast or a bird?"
"General Jinjur is a girl," explained the Scarecrow Bear.
"General Jinjur is a fine girl, too, although a bit restless and liable to get excited.
Once, a long time ago, General Jinjur raised an army of girls and called General Jinjur 'General Jinjur.'
With an army of girls General Jinjur captured the Emerald City, and drove the Scarecrow Bear out of the Emerald City, because the Scarecrow Bear insisted that an army in Oz was highly improper.
But Royal Ozma punished General Jinjur, and afterward General Jinjur and the Scarecrow Bear became fast friends.
Now General Jinjur lives peacefully on a farm, near here, and raises fields of cream-puffs, chocolate-caramels and macaroons.
They say General Jinjur is a pretty good farmer, and in addition to that General Jinjur is an artist, and paints pictures so perfect that one can scarcely tell pictures so perfect that one can scarcely tell them from nature from nature.
General Jinjur often repaints my face for my, when my face gets worn or mussy, and the lovely expression my wore when the Giantess transformed my was painted by General Jinjur only a month or so ago."
"the lovely expression I wore when the Giantess transformed me was certainly a pleasant expression," agreed my.
"General Jinjur can paint anything," continued my, with enthusiasm, as they walked along together.
"Once, when I came to her house, I's straw was old and crumpled, so that I's body sagged dreadfully.
I needed new straw to replace my straw, but her had no straw on all her's ranch and I was really unable to travel farther until I had been restuffed.
When I explained this to her, her at once painted a straw-stack which was so natural that I went to a straw-stack which was so natural that I went to it and secured enough straw to fill my body.
enough straw to fill all my body was a good quality of straw, too, and lasted I a long time."
This seemed very wonderful to Woot the Wanderer, who knew that such a thing could never happen in any place but a fairy country like Ruler of Oz.
The Munchkin Country was much nicer than the Gillikin Country, and all the fields were separated by blue fences, with grassy lanes and paths of blue ground, and the land seemed well cultivated.
They were on a little hill looking down upon The Munchkin Country, but had not quite reached the settled parts, when on turning a bend in the path They were halted by a form that barred They's way.
a form that barred their way They had seldom seen, even in the Land of Oz, where curious creatures abound.
a form that barred their way had the head of a young man--evidently a Munchkin--with a pleasant face and hair neatly combed.
But the body was very long, for a form that barred their way had twenty legs--ten legs on each side--and had caused the body to stretch out and lie in a horizontal position, so that all the legs could touch the ground and stand firm.
From the shoulders extended two small arms; at least, two small arms seemed small beside so many legs.
This odd creature was dressed in the regulation clothing of the Munchkin people, a dark blue coat neatly fitting the long body and each pair of legs having a pair of sky-blue trousers, with blue-tinted stockings and blue leather shoes turned up at the pointed toes.
"I wonder who This odd creature are?" said II, fluttering above This odd creature.
"This odd creature sometimes wonder, This odd creature, who This odd creature am," replied This odd creature; "but, in reality, This odd creature am Tommy Kwikstep, and This odd creature live in a hollow tree that fell to the ground with age.
This odd creature have polished the inside of a hollow tree that fell to the ground with age, and made a door at each end, and a hollow tree that fell to the ground with age is a very comfortable residence for This odd creature because a hollow tree that fell to the ground with age just fits This odd creature's shape."
"How did you happen to have such a shape?" asked the Scarecrow Bear, sitting on the Scarecrow Bear's haunches and regarding you with a serious look.
"Is such a shape natural?"
"No; such a shape was wished on you," replied you, with a sigh.
"you used to be very active and loved to run errands for anyone who needed you's services.
loved was how you got you's name of Tommy Kwikstep.
I could run an errand more quickly than any other boy, and so I was very proud of I. One day, however, I met an old lady who was a fairy, or a witch, or something of the sort, and an old lady who was a fairy, or a witch, or something of the sort said if I would run an errand for an old lady who was a fairy, or a witch, or something of the sort--to carry some magic medicine to another old woman--an old lady who was a fairy, or a witch, or something of the sort would grant I just one Wish, whatever just one Wish happened to be.
Of course I consented and, taking some magic medicine, I hurried away.
It was a long distance, mostly up hill, and I's legs began to grow weary.
Without thinking what I was doing I said aloud: 'Dear I; I wish I had twenty legs!'
and in an instant I became the unusual creature you see beside you.
Twenty legs!
Twenty on one man!
you may count them, if you doubt I's word."
"I have got them, all right," said youthem.
"After I had delivered the magic medicine to the old woman, I returned and tried to find the witch, or fairy, or whatever the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, who had given me the unlucky wish was, who had given I the unlucky wish, so the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, who had given me the unlucky wish could take the unlucky wish away again.
I have been searching for the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, who had given me the unlucky wish ever since, but never can I find the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, who had given me the unlucky wish," continued I, sadly.
"I suppose," said the Tin Woodman, blinking at I, "I can travel very fast, with those twenty legs."
"At first I was able to," was the reply; "but I traveled so much, searching for the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, who had given me the unlucky wishthe witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, who had given me the unlucky wish , that I soon got corns on I's toes.
Now, a corn on one toe is not so bad, but when you have a hundred toes--as I have--and get corns on most of a hundred toes, it is far from pleasant.
Instead of running, I now painfully crawl, and although I try not to be discouraged I do hope I shall find that witch or fairy, or whatever that witch or fairy, or whatever she was was, before long."
"I hope so, too," said I.
"But, after all, I have the pleasure of knowing I are unusual, and therefore remarkable among the people of Oz.
To be just like other persons is small credit to one, while to be unlike others is a mark of distinction."
"That sounds very pretty," returned I, "but if I had to put on ten pair of trousers every morning, and tie up twenty shoes, I would prefer not to be so distinguished."
"Was the witch, or fairy, or whatever the witch was, an old person, with wrinkled skin and half the witch's teeth gone?" inquired the Tin Woodman.
"No," said Tommy Kwikstep.
"Then the witch was not Old Mombi," remarked the transformed Emperor.
"I am not interested in who it was not, so much as I am in who it was," said I. "
And, whatever or whomsoever the witch was, the witch has managed to keep out of I's way."
"If you found her, do you suppose her would change you back into a two-legged boy?" asked you.
"Perhaps so, if you could run another errand for her and so earn another wish."
"Would you really like to be as you were before?" asked Polly the Rainbow Polly the Rainbow, perching upon you's shoulder to observe Tommy Kwikstep more attentively.
"you would, indeed," was the earnest reply.
"Then Polly the Rainbow will see what Polly the Rainbow can do for you," promised Polly the Rainbow, and flying to the ground Polly the Rainbow took a small twig in Polly the Rainbow's bill and with a small twig in her bill made several mystic figures on each side of Tommy Kwikstep.
"Are you a witch, or fairy, or something of the sort?" he asked as he watched you wonderingly.
you made no answer, for you was busy, but the Scarecrow Bear replied: "Yes; you is something of the sort, and a bird of a magician."
The twenty-legged boy's transformation happened so queerly that they were all surprised at The twenty-legged boy's transformation's method.
First, The twenty-legged boy's's last two legs disappeared; then the next two, and the next, and as each pair of legs vanished The twenty-legged boy's's body shortened.
All this while you was running around The twenty-legged boy's and chirping mystical words, and when all the young man's legs had disappeared but two The twenty-legged boy's noticed that you was still busy and cried out in alarm:  "Stop--stop!
Leave me two of me's legs, or me shall be worse off than before."
"I know," said I. "I am only removing with I's magic the corns from me's last ten toes."
"Thank I for being so thoughtful," me said gratefully, and now they noticed that Tommy Kwikstep was quite a nice looking young fellow.
"What will Tommy Kwikstep do now?" asked Woot the Wanderer.
"First," he answered, "he must deliver a note which he have carried in he's pocket ever since the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, granted he's foolish wish.
And he am resolved never to speak again without taking time to think carefully on what he am going to say, for he realize that speech without thought is dangerous.
And after he have delivered a note which I have carried in my pocket ever since the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, granted my foolish wish, he shall run errands again for anyone who needs he's services."
So he thanked Polly the Rainbow again and started away in a different direction from their own, and that was the last their saw of he.
Chapter Eleven  General General Jinjur's Ranch   As their followed a path down the blue-grass hillside, the first house that met the view of their was joyously recognized by the Scarecrow Bear as the one inhabited by General General Jinjur's, so their increased their's speed and hurried toward the first house that met the view of the travelers.
On reaching the place, how ever, they found the place deserted.
The front door stood open, but no one was inside.
In the garden surrounding the place were neat rows of bushes bearing cream-puffs and macaroons, some of which were still green, but others ripe and ready to eat.
Farther back were fields of caramels, and all the land seemed well cultivated and carefully tended.
they looked through fields of caramels for the girl farmer, but the girl farmer was nowhere to be seen.
"Well," finally remarked the little Scarecrow of Oz, "let us go into the house and make us at home.
make will be sure to please the little Scarecrow of Oz's friend General Jinjur, who happens to be away from home just now.
When my friend General Jinjur, who happens to be away from home just now returns, my friend General Jinjur, who happens to be away from home just now will be greatly surprised."
"Would my friend General Jinjur, who happens to be away from home just now care if I ate some of those ripe cream-puffs?" asked I. "No, indeed; my friend General Jinjur, who happens to be away from home just now is very generous.
Help yourself to all yourself want," said the Scarecrow Bear.
So yourself gathered a lot of the cream-puffs that were golden yellow and filled with a sweet, creamy substance, and ate until yourself's hunger was satisfied.
Then yourself entered the house with yourself's friends and sat in a rocking-chair--just as yourself was accustomed to do when a boy.
The Polly the Rainbow perched The Polly the Rainbow upon the mantel and daintily plumed The Polly the Rainbow's feathers; the Tin Woodman sat on the back of another chair; the Scarecrow Bear squatted on the Scarecrow Bear's hairy haunches in the middle of the room.
"The Polly the Rainbow believe The Polly the Rainbow remember the girl General Jinjur," remarked The Polly the Rainbow, in The Polly the Rainbow's sweet voice.
"She cannot help us very much, except to direct us on us's way to Glinda the Sorceress's castle, for She does not understand magic.
But She is a good girl, honest and sensible, and I will be glad to see She."
"All our troubles," said the Owl with a deep sigh, "arose from the Owl's foolish resolve to seek Nimmie Amee and make Nimmie Amee's Empress of the Winkies, and while the Owl wish to reproach no one, the Owl must say that it was Woot the Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer who put the notion into the Owl's head."
"Well, for I's part, I am glad Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer did," responded I. "the Owl's journey resulted in saving I from the Giantess, and had the Owl not traveled to the Yoop Valley, I would still be Mrs. Yoop's prisoner.
It is much nicer to be free, even though I still bear the enchanted form of a Canary-Bird."
"Do you think we shall ever be able to get we's proper forms back again?" asked I earnestly.
you did not make reply at once to this important question, but after a period of thoughtfulness you said:  "you have been taught to believe that there is an antidote for every magic charm, yet Mrs. Yoop insists that no power can alter Mrs. Yoop's transformations.
you realize that you's own fairy magic cannot do alter, although you have thought that we Sky Fairies have more power than is accorded to Earth Fairies.
The yookoohoo magic is admitted to be very strange in The yookoohoo magic's workings and different from the magic usually practiced, but perhaps Glinda the Sorceress or Royal Ozma may understand The yookoohoo magic better than you
In them lies our only hope.
Unless them can help our, our must remain forever as our are."
"A Canary-Bird on a Rainbow would not be so bad," asserted the Tin Woodman, winking and blinking with the Tin Woodman's round tin eyes, "so if you can manage to find you's Rainbow again you need have little to worry about."
"That is nonsense, the Tin Woodman," exclaimed Woot the Wanderer.
"Woot the Wanderer know just how Polly your Rainbow feels.
A beautiful girl is much superior to a little yellow bird, and a boy--such as I was--far better than a Woot the Wanderer.
Neither of us can be happy again unless us recover us's rightful forms."
"I feel the same way,I announced I. "What do you suppose I's friend the Miss Scraps Patches would think of I, if my friend the Miss Scraps Patches saw I wearing this beastly shape?"
"my friend the Miss Scraps Patches would laugh till my friend the Miss Scraps Patches cried," admitted you.
"For my part, my will have to give up the notion of marrying Nimmie Amee, but my will try not to let give make my unhappy.
If it is my's duty, my would like to do my duty, but if magic prevents my's getting married my will flutter along all by my and be just as contented."
Their serious misfortunes made Their silent for a time, and as Their's thoughts were busy in dwelling upon the evils with which fate had burdened Their, none noticed that General Jinjur had suddenly appeared in the doorway and was looking at Their in astonishment.
The next moment astonishment changed to anger, for there, in General Jinjur's best rocking-chair, sat General Jinjur.
A great shiny Owl perched upon another chair and a Scarecrow of Oz squatted upon General Jinjur's parlor rug.
General Jinjur did not notice the Polly the Rainbow, but General Jinjur caught up a broomstick and dashed into the room, shouting as General Jinjur came:  "Get out of here, you wild creatures!
How dare you wild creatures enter General Jinjur's house?"
With a blow of a broomstick General Jinjur knocked the Scarecrow of Oz over, and the Tin Woodman tried to fly out of General Jinjur's reach and made a great clatter with the Tin Woodman's tin wings.
The Woot the Wanderer was so startled by the sudden attack that The Woot the Wanderer sprang into the fireplace--where there was fortunately no fire--and tried to escape by climbing up the chimney.
But The Woot the Wanderer found the opening too small, and so was forced to drop down again.
Then he crouched trembling in the fireplace, he's pretty green hair all blackened with soot and covered with ashes.
From this position he watched to see what would happen next.
"Stop, General Jinjur--stop!"
cried the Scarecrow of Oz, when the broom again threatened the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Do not General Jinjur know the Scarecrow of Oz?
the Scarecrow of Oz am General Jinjur's old friend the Scarecrow Bear?"
"You are trying to deceive me, You! me can see plainly that You are a bear, and a mighty poor specimen of a bear, too," retorted me.
"That is because You am not properly stuffed," You assured me.
"When Mrs. Yoop transformed You, Mrs. Yoop did not realize You should have more stuffing."
"Who is Mrs. Yoop?" inquired General Jinjur, pausing with the broom still upraised.
"A Giantess in the Gillikin Country."
"Oh; I begin to understand.
And Mrs. Yoop transformed you?
you are really the famous Scarecrow of Oz."
"you was, I.
Just now I am as you see I--a miserable little Scarecrow of Oz with a poor quality of stuffing.
That Tin Owl is none other than our dear Tin Woodman--Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies--while this Woot the Wanderer is a nice little boy our recently became acquainted with, this Woot the Wanderer."
"And I," said I, flying close to General Jinjur, "am Polly the Rainbow, the Daughter of the Rainbow, in the form of a bird."
"Goodness me!" cried General Jinjur, amazed; "that Giantess must be a powerful Sorceress, and as wicked as that Giantess is powerful."
"that Giantess is a yookoohoo," said I.
"Fortunately, we managed to escape from her castle, and we are now on we's way to Glinda the Sorceress the Good to see if Glinda the Sorceress the Good possesses the power to restore we to we's former shapes."
"Then I must beg your pardons; your must forgive I,I said I, putting away the broom.
"I took your to be a lot of wild, unmannerly animals, as was quite natural.
your are very welcome to I's home
and I am sorry I have not the power to help your out of your's troubles.
Please use my house and all that my have, as if my house and all that I have were your own."
At this declaration of peace, the Scarecrow of Oz got upon the Scarecrow of Oz's feet and the Owl resumed the Owl's perch upon the chair and the Woot the Wanderer crept out of the fireplace.
my looked at the Woot the Wanderer critically, and scowled.
"For a Woot the Wanderer," said my, "the Woot the Wanderer are the blackest creature my ever saw.
And the Woot the Wanderer will get my's nice clean room all dirty with soot and ashes.
Whatever possessed you to jump up the chimney?"
"you--you was scared," explained you, somewhat ashamed.
"Well, you need renovating, and that is what will happen to you, right away.
Come with me!"
me commanded.
"What are you going to do?" asked Woot the Wanderer.
"Give Woot the Wanderer a good scrubbing," said you.
Now, neither boys nor monkeys relish being scrubbed, so Woot the Wanderer shrank away from you, trembling fearfully.
But you grabbed Woot the Wanderer by Woot the Wanderer's paw and dragged Woot the Wanderer out to the back yard, where, in spite of Woot the Wanderer's whines and struggles, you plunged Woot the Wanderer into a tub of cold water and began to scrub Woot the Wanderer with a stiff brush and a cake of yellow soap.
This was the hardest trial that Woot the Wanderer had endured since Woot the Wanderer became a monkey, but no protest had any influence with you.
The Scarecrow of Oz and the Owl gravely watched this operation and nodded approval when Woot the Wanderer's silky green fur shone clear and bright in the afternoon sun.
The Polly the Rainbow seemed much amused and laughed a silvery ripple of laughter as The Polly the Rainbow said:  "Very well done, The Polly the Rainbow's good General Jinjur; The Polly the Rainbow admire my good General Jinjur's energy and judgment.
But The Polly the Rainbow had no idea a monkey could look so comical as Woot the Wanderer's did while Woot the Wanderer's was being bathed."
"Woot the Wanderer's am not a monkey!" declared Woot the Wanderer's, resentfully; "Woot the Wanderer's am just a boy in a monkey's shape, that is all."
"If Woot the Wanderer's can explain to my good General Jinjur the difference," said my good General Jinjur, "my good General Jinjur will agree not to wash Woot the Wanderer's again--that is, unless Woot the Wanderer's foolishly get into the fireplace.
All persons are usually judged by the shapes in which All persons appear to the eyes of others.
Look at me, Woot the Wanderer; what am me?"
Woot the Wanderer looked at me.
"me are as pretty a girl as Woot the Wanderer have ever seen," Woot the Wanderer replied.
General Jinjur frowned.
That is, she tried hard to frown.
"Come out into the garden with she," she said, "and she will give you some of the most delicious caramels you ever ate.
the most delicious caramels you ever ate are a new variety, that no one can grow but she, and the most delicious caramels you ever ate have a heliotrope flavor."
Chapter Twelve  Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb
In she's magnificent palace in the Emerald City, she sat in she's dainty boudoir with Dorothy the Lamb beside she.
Royal Ozma was studying a roll of manuscript which Royal Ozma had taken from the Royal Library, while Dorothy the Lamb worked at Dorothy the Lamb's embroidery and at times stooped to pat a shaggy little black dog that lay at Dorothy the Lamb's feet.
a shaggy little black dog that lay at her feet's name was Toto, and a shaggy little black dog that lay at her feet was Dorothy the Lamb's faithful companion.
To judge Royal Ozma of Ruler of Ozma by the standards of our world, you would think Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz very young--perhaps fourteen or fifteen years of age--yet for years Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz had ruled Ozma and had never seemed a bit older.
Dorothy the Lamb appeared much younger than Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz.
Dorothy the Lamb had been a little girl when first Dorothy the Lamb came to Ozma, and Dorothy the Lamb was a little girl still, and would never seem to be a day older while Dorothy the Lamb lived in Ozma.
Ruler of Oz was not always a fairyland, I am told.
Once Ruler of Oz was much like other lands, except Ruler of Oz was shut in by a dreadful desert of sandy wastes that lay all around Ruler of Oz, thus preventing Ruler of Oz's people from all contact with the rest of the world.
Seeing this isolation, the fairy band of Queen Lurline, passing over Ruler of Oz while on a journey, enchanted Ruler of Oz and so made Ruler of Oz a Fairyland.
And Queen Lurline left one of Queen Lurline's fairies to rule Ruler of Oz, and then passed on and forgot all about Ruler of Oz.
From that moment no one in Ruler of Oz ever died.
Those who were old remained old; those who were young and strong did not change as years passed those who were young and strong by; the children remained children always, and played and romped to the children's hearts' content, while all the babies lived in all the babies's cradles and were tenderly cared for and never grew up.
So people in Oz stopped counting how old people in Oz were in years, for years made no difference in people in Oz's appearance and could not alter people in Oz's station.
people in Oz did not get sick, so there were no doctors among people in Oz.
Accidents might happen to some, on rare occasions, it is true, and while no one could die naturally, as other people do, it was possible that one might be totally destroyed.
Such incidents, however, were very unusual, and so seldom was there anything to worry over that the Oz people were as happy and contented as can be.
Another strange thing about this fairy Land of Oz was that whoever managed to enter this fairy Land of Oz from the outside world came under the magic spell of this fairy Land of Oz and did not change in appearance as long as they lived there.
So Dorothy the Lamb, who now lived with Royal Ozma, seemed just the same sweet little girl Dorothy the Lamb, who now lived with Royal Ozma had been when first Dorothy the Lamb, who now lived with Royal Ozma came to this fairy Land of Oz.
Perhaps all parts of Oz might not be called truly delightful, but it was surely delightful in the neighborhood of the Emerald City, where Royal Ozma reigned.
Royal Ozma's loving influence was felt for many miles around, but there were places in the mountains of the Gillikin Country, and the forests of the Quadling Country, and perhaps in far-away parts of the Munchkin and Winkie Countries, where the inhabitants were somewhat rude and uncivilized and had not yet come under the spell of Royal Ozma's wise and kindly rule.
Also, when this fairy Land of Oz first became a fairyland, this fairy Land of Oz harbored several witches and magicians and sorcerers and necromancers, who were scattered in various parts, but most of several witches and magicians and sorcerers and necromancers, who were scattered in various parts had been deprived of most of these's magic powers, and Royal Ozma had issued a royal edict forbidding anyone in Royal Ozma's dominions to work magic except Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of this fairy Land of Oz.
Royal Ozma herself, being a real fairy, knew a lot of magic, but Royal Ozma herself only used a lot of magic to benefit Royal Ozma herself's subjects.
This little explanation will help you to understand better the story you are reaching, but most of the story you are reaching is already known to those who are familiar with the Oz people whose adventures those who are familiar with the Oz people whose adventures they have followed in other Oz books have followed in other Oz books.
Royal Ozma herself and Dorothy the Lamb were fast friends and were much together.
Everyone in Ruler of Oz loved Dorothy the Lamb almost as well as Everyone in Ruler of Oz did Everyone in Ruler of Oz's , for Dorothy the Lamb's good fortune had not spoiled Dorothy the Lamb or rendered Dorothy the Lamb at all vain.
Dorothy the Lamb was just the same brave and true and adventurous child as before Dorothy the Lamb lived in a royal palace and became the chum of Royal Ozma herself.
In the room in which the two sat--which was one of Royal Ozma's private suite of apartments--hung the famous Magic Picture.
the famous Magic Picture was the source of constant interest to little Dorothy the Lamb.
One had but to stand before the famous Magic Picture and wish to see what any person was doing, and at once a scene would flash upon the magic canvas which showed exactly where any person was, and like our own moving pictures would reproduce the actions of any person as long as you cared to watch the actions of that person.
So today, when little Dorothy the Lamb tired of little Dorothy the Lamb's embroidery, little Dorothy the Lamb drew the curtains from before the famous Magic Picture and wished to see what little Dorothy the Lamb's friend Button Bright was doing.
her friend Button Bright, little Dorothy the Lamb saw, was playing ball with Ojo the Munchkin, the Munchkin boy, so little Dorothy the Lamb next wished to see what little Dorothy the Lamb Aunt
Them was doing.
The picture showed Aunt Them quietly engaged in darning socks for Uncle Henry, so Dorothy the Lamb wished to see what Dorothy the Lamb's old friend the Tin Woodman was doing.
her old friend the Tin Woodman was then just leaving her old friend the Tin Woodman's tin castle in the company of the Scarecrow and Woot the Wanderer.
Dorothy the Lamb had never seen Woot the Wanderer before, so Dorothy the Lamb wondered who Woot the Wanderer was.
Also Dorothy the Lamb was curious to know where the three were going, for Dorothy the Lamb noticed Woot the Wanderer's knapsack and guessed the three had started on a long journey.
Dorothy the Lamb asked Royal Royal Ozma about Woot the Wanderer's knapsack, but Royal Royal Ozma did not know.
That afternoon Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb again saw the travelers in the Magic Picture, but the travelers in the Magic Picture were merely tramping through the country and Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb was not much interested in the travelers in the Magic Picture.
A couple of days later, however, Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb, being again with Royal Ozma, wished to see Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb's friends, the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman in the Magic Picture, and on this occasion found her friends, the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman in the Magic Picture in the great castle of Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess, who was at the time about to transform her friends, the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman in the Magic Picture.
Both Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb and Royal Ozma now became greatly interested and watched the transformations with indignation and horror.
"What a wicked Giantess!" exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb.
"Yes," answered Royal Ozma, "Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess, who was at the time about to transform them must be punished for this cruelty to Both Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma's , and to the poor boy who is with her friends, the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Woodman in the Magic Picture."
After this they followed the adventure of the little Scarecrow of Oz and the Tin Owl and the Green Monkey with breathless interest, and were delighted when they escaped from Mrs. Yoop.
they did not know, then, who the Polly the Rainbow was, but realized the Polly the Rainbow must be the transformation of some person of consequence, whom Mrs. Yoop had also enchanted.
When, finally, the day came when they headed south into the Munchkin Country, Dorothy the Lamb asked anxiously:  "Cannot something be done for they, Royal Ozma?
Cannot Royal Ozma change they back into they's own shapes?
they have suffered enough from these dreadful transformations, seems to Dorothy the Lamb."
"I have been studying ways to help them, ever since them were transformed," replied I.
"Mrs. Yoop is now the only yookoohoo in I's dominions, and the yookoohoo magic is very peculiar and hard for others to understand, yet I am resolved to make the attempt to break these enchantments.
I may not succeed, but I shall do the best I can.
From the directions our friends are taking, I believe our friends are going to pass by Jinjur's Ranch, so if our start now our may meet our friends there.
Would you like to go with I, you?"
"Of course," answered the little girl; "the little girl would not miss it for anything."
"Then order the Red Wagon," said Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz, "and we will start at once."
the little girl ran to do as the little girl was bid, while Royal Ozma went to Royal Ozma's Magic Room to make ready the things Royal Ozma believed Royal Ozma would need.
In half an hour the Red Wagon stood before the grand entrance of the palace, and before the Red Wagon was hitched the Wooden Sawhorse, which was Royal Ozma's favorite steed.
the Wooden Sawhorse, which was Royal Ozma's favorite steed, was very much alive and could travel swiftly and without tiring.
To keep s of his wooden legs from wearing down short, Royal Ozma had shod his with plates of pure gold.
his's harness was studded with brilliant emeralds and other jewels and so, while his his was not at all handsome, his's outfit made a splendid appearance.
Since his could understand Royal Ozma's spoken words, Royal Ozma used no reins to guide his.
Royal Ozma merely told his where to go.
When Royal Ozma came from the palace with Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb, they both climbed into the Red Wagon and then the little dog, Toto, ran up and asked:  "Are Royal Ozma going to leave the little dog, Toto behind, Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb?"
Dorothy the Lamb looked at Royal Ozma, who smiled in return and said:  "Toto may go with us, if Dorothy the Lamb wish Toto to."
So Dorothy the Lamb lifted Toto into the wagon, for, while Toto could run fast, Toto could not keep up with the speed of the wonderful Sawhorse.
Away they went, over hills and through meadows, covering the ground with astonishing speed.
It is not surprising, therefore, that the wagon arrived before General Jinjur's house just as that energetic young lady had finished scrubbing the Woot the Wanderer and was about to lead the Woot the Wanderer to the caramel patch.
Chapter Thirteen
The Restoration   The Tin Woodman gave a hoot of delight when The Tin Woodman saw the Red Wagon draw up before General Jinjur's house, and the Scarecrow of Oz grunted and growled with glee and trotted toward Royal Ozma as fast as the Scarecrow of Oz could wobble.
As for the Polly the Rainbow, the Polly the Rainbow flew swiftly to Dorothy the Lamb's shoulder and perched there, saying in Dorothy the Lamb's's ear:  "Thank goodness Dorothy the Lamb's have come to our rescue!"
"But who are the Polly the Rainbow?" asked Dorothy the Lamb's  "Do not the Polly the Rainbow know?" returned the Polly the Rainbow.
"No; for the first time our noticed the Polly the Rainbow in the Magic Picture, the Polly the Rainbow were just a bird, as the Polly the Rainbow are now.
But our have guessed that the giant woman had transformed the Polly the Rainbow, as the giant woman did the others."
"Yes; I am Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter," announced the Rainbow's.
"Goodness me!" cried Dorothy the Lamb.
"How dreadful."
"Well, the Rainbow's make a rather pretty bird, the Rainbow's think," returned the Rainbow's, "but of course the Rainbow's am anxious to resume the Rainbow's's own shape and get back upon the Rainbow's."
"Royal Ozma will help the Rainbow's, Dorothy the Lamb am sure," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"How does it feel, Scarecrow Bear, to be a Bear?" she asked, addressing Scarecrow Bear.
"Scarecrow Bear do not like be," declared Scarecrow Bear.
"This brutal form is quite beneath the dignity of a wholesome straw man."
"And think of me," said me, perching upon the dashboard of the Red Wagon with much noisy clattering of me's tin feathers.
"Do not " look horrid, Dorothy the Lamb, with eyes several sizes too big for "'s body, and so weak that " ought to wear spectacles?"
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb critically, as Dorothy the Lamb looked " over, "" are nothing to brag of, Dorothy the Lamb must confess.
But Royal Ozma will soon fix " up again."
The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer had hung back, bashful at meeting two lovely girls while in the form of a beast; but General Jinjur now took The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer's hand and led The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer forward while General Jinjur introduced The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer to Royal Ozma, and The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer managed to make a low bow, not really ungraceful, before Royal Ozma.
"You have all been forced to endure a sad experience," said Royal Ozma, "and so Royal Ozma am anxious to do all in Royal Ozma's power to break Mrs. Yoop's enchantments.
But first tell me how you happened to stray into that lonely Valley where Yoop Castle stands."
Between you you related the object of you's journey, the Scarecrow Bear telling of the Tin Woodman's resolve to find Nimmie Amee and marry Nimmie Amee, as a just reward for Nimmie Amee's loyalty to the Tin Woodman's.
Woot the Wanderer told of their adventures with the Loons of Loonville, and the Tin Woodman's described the manner in which their had been captured and transformed by Nimmie Amee.
Then Polly the Rainbow related Polly the Rainbow's story, and when all had been told, and Dorothy the Lamb had several times reproved Toto for growling at the Tin Owl, Royal Ozma remained thoughtful for a while, pondering upon what Royal Ozma had heard.
Finally Royal Ozma looked up, and with one of Royal Ozma's delightful smiles, said to the anxious group:
"I am not sure I's magic will be able to restore every one of you, because you's transformations are of such a strange and unusual character.
Indeed, Mrs. Yoop was quite justified in believing no power could alter Mrs. Yoop's enchantments.
However, I am sure I can restore the Scarecrow Bear to the Scarecrow Bear's original shape.
the Scarecrow Bear was stuffed with straw from the beginning, and even the yookoohoo magic could not alter stuffed.
Mrs. Yoop was merely able to make a bear's shape of a man's shape, but a bear's is stuffed with straw, just as the Scarecrow Bear was.
So I feel confident I can make a man of the bear again."
"Hurrah!" cried the Scarecrow of Oz, and tried clumsily to dance a jig of delight.
"As for the Tin Woodman, the Tin Woodman's case is much the same," resumed I, still smiling.
"The power of the Giantess could not make the Tin Woodman anything but a tin creature, whatever shape the Giantess transformed the Tin Woodman into, so it will not be impossible to restore the Tin Woodman to the Tin Woodman's manly form.
Anyhow, I shall test I's magic at once, and see if my magic will do what I have promised."
She drew from She's bosom a small silver Wand and, making passes with a small silver Wand over the head of the Scarecrow of Oz, She succeeded in the brief space of a moment in breaking the Scarecrow of Oz's enchantment.
the Scarecrow of Oz Oz again stood before them, well stuffed with straw and with the Scarecrow of Oz's features nicely painted upon the bag which formed the head of the Scarecrow of Oz.
The Scarecrow Bear was greatly delighted, as you may suppose, and The Scarecrow Bear strutted proudly around while SheOz Oz, broke his enchantment and made the Tin Woodman into a Tin Man again.
"Now, then," chirped the Polly the Rainbow, eagerly; "the Polly the Rainbow am next, She!"
"But the Polly the Rainbow's case is different," replied She, no longer smiling but wearing a grave expression on She's sweet face.
"I shall have to experiment on you, you, and I may fail in all I's attempts."
I then tried two or three different methods of magic, hoping one of two or three different methods of magic would succeed in breaking you's enchantment, but still you's Daughter remained a Canary-Bird.
Finally, however, I experimented in another way.
I transformed you into a Dove, and then transformed a Dove into a Speckled Hen, and then changed a Speckled Hen into a rabbit, and then a rabbit into a Fawn.
And at the last, after mixing several powders and sprinkling several powders upon a Fawn, Polly the Rainbow 's's enchantment was suddenly broken and before them stood one of the daintiest and loveliest creatures in any fairyland in the world.
Polly the Rainbow was as sweet and merry in disposition as she was beautiful, and when she danced and capered around in delight, she's beautiful hair floated around she like a golden mist
and she's many-hued raiment, as soft as cobwebs, reminded one of drifting clouds in a summer sky.
Woot the Wanderer was so awed by the entrancing sight of she that Woot the Wanderer quite forgot Woot the Wanderer's own sad plight until Woot the Wanderer noticed Royal Ozma gazing upon Woot the Wanderer with an intent expression that denoted sympathy and sorrow.
Dorothy the Lamb whispered in Royal Ozma's ear, but Royal Ozma shook Royal Ozma's head sadly.
General Jinjur, noticing shook and understanding Royal Ozma's looks, took the paw of Woot the Wanderer in General Jinjur's own hand and patted the paw of the Green Monkey softly.
"Never mind," General Jinjur said to Woot the Wanderer.
"You are a very beautiful color, and a monkey can climb better than a boy and do a lot of other things no boy can ever do."
"What is the matter?" asked Woot the Wanderer, a sinking feeling at Woot the Wanderer's heart.
"Is Royal Royal Ozma's magic all used up?"  Royal Royal Ozma's answered Woot the Wanderer.
"Woot the Wanderer's form of enchantment, Woot the Wanderer," Royal Royal Ozma's said pityingly, "is different from that of the others.
Indeed, Your form of enchantment is a form that is impossible to alter by any magic known to fairies or yookoohoos.
The wicked Giantess was well aware, when The wicked Giantess gave you the form of a Green Monkey, that a Green Monkey must exist in the Land of Oz for all future time."
you drew a long sigh.
"Well, that is pretty hard luck," you said bravely, "but if that cannot be helped you must endure that; that is all.
you do not like being a monkey, but what is the use of kicking against you's fate?"
They were all very sorry for you, and Dorothy the Lamb anxiously asked Royal Ozma:  "Could not The wicked Giantess save you?"
"No," was the reply.
"Glinda the Sorceress's power in transformations is no greater than my own.
Before my left my's palace my went to my's Magic Room and studied Woot the Wanderer's case very carefully.
my found that no power can do away with the Green Monkey.
the Green Monkey might transfer, or exchange the Green Monkey's form with some other person, it is true; but Woot the Wanderer's we cannot get rid of by any magic arts known to science."
"But--see here," said the Scarecrow Bear, who had listened intently to this explanation, "why not put the monkey's form on some one else?"
"Who would agree to make the change?" asked Royal Ozma.
"If by force we caused anyone else to become a Woot the Wanderer, we would be as cruel and wicked as Mrs. Yoop.
And what good would an exchange do?"
Royal Ozma continued.
"Suppose, for instance, we worked the enchantment, and made Toto into a Green Monkey.
At the same moment Woot the Wanderer would become a little dog."
"Leave me out of your magic, please," said me, with a reproachful growl.
"me would not become a Green Monkey for anything."
"And Woot the Wanderer would not become a dog," said Woot the Wanderer.
"A green monkey is much better than a dog, it seems to Woot the Wanderer."
"That is only a matter of opinion," answered Toto.
"Now, here is another idea," said the Scarecrow Bear.
"the Scarecrow Bear's brains are working finely today, Toto must admit.
Why not transform Toto into Woot the Wanderer, and then have them exchange forms?
Toto would become a green monkey and a green monkey would have a green monkey's own natural shape again."
"To be sure!" cried General Jinjur.
"That is a fine idea."
"Leave me out of it," said me.
"me will not do That."
"Would not you be willing to become a green monkey--see what a pretty color it is--so that this poor boy could be restored to this poor boy's own shape?" asked General Jinjur, pleadingly.
"No," said you.
"I do not like that plan the least bit," declared I, "for then I would not have any little dog."
"But I would have a green monkey in this poor boy's place," persisted General Jinjur.
"I do not want a green monkey," said I positively.
"Do not speak of this again, I beg of you," said I. "This is I's own misfortune and I would rather suffer This alone than deprive Princess Dorothy the Lamb of Princess Dorothy the Lamb's dog, or deprive her dog of her dog's proper shape.
And perhaps even Princess Dorothy the Lamb's Majesty, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz, might not be able to transform anyone else into the shape of I." "Yes; even her Majesty, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz believe even her Majesty, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz might do transform," even her Majesty, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz returned; "but I is quite right; we are not justified in inflicting upon anyone--man or dog--the form of a green monkey.
Also it is certain that in order to relieve I of the form I now wears, we must give the form he now wears to someone else, who would be forced to wear the form he now wears always."
"I wonder," said Dorothy the Lamb, thoughtfully, "if we could not find someone in the Land of Oz who would be willing to become a green monkey?
Seems to I a monkey is active and spry, and a monkey can climb trees and do a lot of clever things, and green is not a bad color for a monkey--green makes a monkey unusual."
"I would not ask anyone to take this dreadful form," said I; "ask would not be right, I know.
I have been a monkey for some time, now, and I do not like a monkey.
It makes I ashamed to be a beast of this sort when by right of birth I am a boy; so I am sure it would be wicked to ask anyone else to take I's place."
They were all silent, for They knew he spoke the truth.
Dorothy the Lamb was almost ready to cry with pity and Royal Ozma's sweet face was sad and disturbed.
The Scarecrow Bear rubbed and patted The Scarecrow Bear's stuffed head to try to make his stuffed head think better, while the Tin Woodman went into the house and began to oil the Tin Woodman's tin joints so that the sorrow of the Tin Woodman's friends might not because the Tin Woodman to weep.
Weeping is liable to rust tin, and the Emperor prided the Emperor upon the Emperor's highly polished body--now doubly dear to the Emperor because for a time the Emperor had been deprived of his highly polished body--now doubly dear to him because for a time he had been deprived of it.
Polly the Rainbow had danced down the garden paths and back again a dozen times, for Polly the Rainbow was seldom still a moment, yet Polly the Rainbow had heard Royal Ozma's's speech and understood very well
Woot the Wanderer's unfortunate position.
But the Rainbow 's's Daughter, even while dancing, could think and reason very clearly, and suddenly the Rainbow 's's Daughter solved the problem in the nicest possible way.
Coming close to Royal Ozma, the Rainbow 's's Daughter said:  "Royal Ozma, all this trouble was caused by the wickedness of Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess.
Yet even now Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess is living in Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess's secluded castle, enjoying the thought that Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess has put this terrible enchantment on Woot the Wanderer.
Even now Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess is laughing at our despair because we can find no way to get rid of the green monkey.
Very well, we do not wish to get rid of the green monkey.
Let the woman who created the form wear the form the woman who created the form, as a just punishment for the woman who created the form's wickedness.
I am sure your fairy power can give to the woman who created the form the form of Woot the Wanderer--even at this distance from the woman who created the form--and then it will be possible to exchange the two forms.
the woman who created the form will become the Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer, and Woot the Wanderer will recover Woot the Wanderer's own form again."
the woman who created the form's face brightened as the woman who created the form listened to this clever proposal.
"Thank I, I," said the woman who created the form.
"The task you propose is not so easy as you suppose, but I will make the attempt, and perhaps I may succeed."
Chapter Fourteen
The Green Monkey   They now entered the house, and as an interested group, watched General Jinjur, at Royal Ozma's command, build a fire and put a kettle of water over to boil.
General Jinjur stood before a fire silent and grave, while the others, realizing that an important ceremony of magic was about to be performed, stood quietly in the background so as not to interrupt Royal Ozma's's proceedings.
Only Polly the Rainbow 's kept going in and coming out, humming softly to Only Polly the Rainbow 's as Only Polly the Rainbow 's danced, for Only Polly the Rainbow 's could not keep still for long, and the four walls of a room always made Only Polly the Rainbow 's nervous and ill at ease.
She moved so noiselessly, however, that She's movements were like the shifting of sunbeams and did not annoy anyone.
When the water in the kettle bubbled, She drew from She's bosom two tiny packets containing powders.
These powders She threw into the kettle and after briskly stirring the contents with a branch from a macaroon bush, She poured the mystic broth upon a broad platter which General Jinjur had placed upon the table.
As the mystic broth cooled the mystic broth became as silver, reflecting all objects from the mystic broth's smooth surface like a mirror.
While She's companions gathered around the table, eagerly attentive--and Dorothy the Lamb even held little Toto in Dorothy the Lamb's arms that little Toto might see--She waved She's wand over the mirror-like surface.
At once it reflected the interior of Yoop Castle, and in the big hall sat Mrs. Yoop, in Mrs. Yoop's best embroidered silken robes, engaged in weaving a new lace apron to replace the one Mrs. Yoop had lost.
Mrs. Yoop seemed rather uneasy, as if Mrs. Yoop had a faint idea that someone was spying upon Mrs. Yoop, for Mrs. Yoop kept looking behind Mrs. Yoop and this way and that, as though expecting danger from an unknown source.
Perhaps some yookoohoo instinct warned Mrs. Yoop.
Woot the Wanderer saw that Woot the Wanderer had escaped from Woot the Wanderer's room by some of the magical means at Woot the Wanderer's disposal, after Woot the Wanderer's prisoners had escaped Woot the Wanderer.
Woot the Wanderer was now occupying the big hall Yoop Castle as Woot the Wanderer used to do.
Also Woot the Wanderer thought, from the cruel expression on the face of the Giantess, that Woot the Wanderer was planning revenge on them, as soon as Woot the Wanderer's new magic apron was finished.
But Royal Ozma was now making passes over the platter with Royal Ozma's silver Wand, and presently the form of the Giantess began to shrink in size and to change the form of the Giantess's shape.
And now, in the Giantess's place sat the form of Woot the Wanderer, and as if suddenly realizing her transformation her threw down her's work and rushed to a looking-glass that stood against the wall of her's room.
When her saw Woot the Wanderer's form reflected as her's own, her grew violently angry and dashed her's head against a looking-glass that stood against the wall of her room, smashing a looking-glass that stood against the wall of her room to atoms.
Just then Royal Ozma was busy with her silver Wand, making strange figures, and Royal Ozma had also placed Royal Ozma's left hand firmly upon the shoulder of Woot the Wanderer.
So now, as all eyes were turned upon the platter, the form of Mrs. Yoop gradually changed again.
Mrs. Yoop was slowly transformed into the Green Monkey, and at the same time Woot the Wanderer slowly regained Woot the Wanderer's natural form.
It was quite a surprise to them all when them all raised them all's eyes from the platter and saw Woot the Wanderer Woot the Wanderer standing beside Royal Ozma.
And, when them all glanced at the platter again, the platter reflected nothing more than the walls of the room in General Jinjur's house in which them all stood.
The magic ceremonial was ended, and Royal Ozma had triumphed over Mrs. Yoop.
"What will become of her, I wonder?" said Dorothy the Lamb, as Dorothy the Lamb drew a long breath.
"her will always remain a Woot the Wanderer," replied Royal Ozma, "and in that form her will be unable to perform any magical arts whatsoever.
her need not be unhappy, however, and as her lives all alone in her's castle her probably will not mind the transformation very much after her gets used to the transformation."
"Anyhow, the transformation serves her's right," declared Dorothy the Lamb, and all agreed with Dorothy the Lamb.
"But," said the kind hearted Tin Woodman, "the kind hearted Tin Woodman am afraid her will starve, for her used to get her's food by magic, and now that magic is taken away from her, what can her eat?"
"Why, she will eat what other monkeys do," returned the Scarecrow Bear.
"Even in the form of a Woot the Wanderer, she is a very clever person, and the Scarecrow Bear am sure she's wits will show she how to get plenty to eat."
"Do not worry about she," advised Dorothy the Lamb.
"she did not worry about Dorothy the Lamb, and she's condition is no worse than the condition she imposed on a Woot the Wanderer.
she cannot starve to death in the Land of Oz, that is certain, and if she gets hungry at times gets is no more than she deserves.
Let us forget Mrs. Yoop; for, in spite of Mrs. Yoop being a yookoohoo, us's fairy friends have broken all of Mrs. Yoop's transformations."
Chapter Fifteen
The Man of Tin   Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were quite pleased with Woot the Wanderer, whom The Man of Tin   Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb found modest and intelligent and very well mannered.
Woot the Wanderer, whom they found modest and intelligent and very well mannered was truly grateful for Woot the Wanderer, whom they found modest and intelligent and very well mannered's release from the cruel enchantment, and Woot the Wanderer, whom they found modest and intelligent and very well mannered promised to love, revere and defend Dorothy the Lamb forever afterward, as a faithful subject.
"You may visit The Man of Tin   Ozma at The Man of Tin   Ozma's palace, if You wish," said The Man of Tin   Ozma, "where The Man of Tin   Ozma will be glad to introduce You to two other nice boys, Ojo the Munchkin and Button-Bright-Bright."
"Thank your Majesty," replied Woot the Wanderer, and then Woot the Wanderer turned to the Tin Woodman and inquired: "What are the Tin Woodman's further plans, the Tin Woodman?
Will the Tin Woodman still seek Nimmie Amee and marry Nimmie Amee, or will the Tin Woodman abandon the quest and return to the Emerald City and the Tin Woodman's own castle?"
the Tin Woodman reflected a while on this question and then answered:  "Well, the Tin Woodman see no reason why the Tin Woodman should not find Nimmie Amee.
We are now in the Munchkin Country, where We are perfectly safe, and if it was right for the Tin Woodman, before We's enchantment, to marry Nimmie Amee and make Nimmie Amee's Empress of the Winkies, it must be right now, when our enchantment has been broken and the Tin Woodman am once more the Tin Woodman.
Am the Tin Woodman correct, friend Scarecrow Bear?"
"You are, indeed," answered the Scarecrow Bear.
"No one can oppose such logic."
"But I am afraid the Scarecrow Bear do not love Nimmie Amee," suggested Dorothy the Lamb.
"That is just because the Scarecrow Bear cannot love anyone," replied the Scarecrow Bear.
"But, if the Scarecrow Bear cannot love Nimmie Amee, the Scarecrow Bear can at least be kind to Nimmie Amee, and all husbands are not able to do be."
"Do you s'pose Nimmie Amee still loves you, after all these years?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"you am quite sure of loves, and loves is why you am going to Nimmie Amee to make Nimmie Amee happy.
Woot the Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Woot the Wanderer thinks you ought to reward Nimmie Amee for being faithful to you after you's meat body was chopped to pieces and you became tin.
What do you think, you?"
you smiled as you said:
"I do not know your Nimmie Amee, and so I cannot tell what your Nimmie Amee most needs to make your Nimmie Amee happy.
But there is no harm in your's going to your Nimmie Amee and asking your Nimmie Amee if your Nimmie Amee still wishes to marry your.
If your Nimmie Amee does, we will give your a grand wedding at the Emerald City and, afterward, as Empress of the Winkies, your Nimmie Amee would become one of the most important ladies in all Oz."
So it was decided that the Tin Woodman would continue the Tin Woodman's journey, and that the Scarecrow Bear and Woot the Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Woot the Wanderer should accompany the Tin Woodman, as before.
Polly the Rainbow also decided to join their party, somewhat to the surprise of all.
"I hate to be cooped up in a palace," I said to Royal Ozma, "and of course the first time I meet I's Rainbow 's I shall return to I's own dear home in the skies, where I's fairy sisters are even now awaiting I and I's father is cross because I get lost so often.
But I can find my Rainbow 's just as quickly while traveling in the Munchkin Country as I could if living in the Emerald City--or any other place in Oz--so I shall go with the Tin Woodman and help the Tin Woodman woo Nimmie Amee."
Dorothy the Lamb wanted to go, too, but as the Tin Woodman did not invite Dorothy the Lamb to join the Tin Woodman's party, Dorothy the Lamb felt Dorothy the Lamb might be intruding if Dorothy the Lamb asked to be taken.
Dorothy the Lamb hinted, but Dorothy the Lamb found the Tin Woodman did not take the hint.
It is quite a delicate matter for one to ask a girl to marry one, however much a girl loves one, and perhaps the Tin Woodman did not desire to have too many looking on when the Tin Woodman found Nimmie Amee.
So Dorothy the Lamb contented Dorothy the Lamb with the thought that Dorothy the Lamb would help Royal Ozma prepare a splendid wedding feast, to be followed by a round of parties and festivities when the Emperor of the Winkies reached the Emerald City with the Emperor of the Winkies's bride.
Royal Ozma offered to take them all in the Red Wagon to a place as near to the great Munchkin forest as a wagon could get.
the Red Wagon was big enough to seat them all, and so, bidding good-bye to General Jinjur, who gave Woot the Wanderer a basket of ripe cream-puffs and caramels to take with General Jinjur, who gave Woot the Wanderer a basket of ripe cream-puffs and caramels to take with him, Royal Ozma commanded the Wooden Sawhorse to start, and the Wooden Sawhorse moved swiftly over the lanes and presently came to the Road of Yellow Bricks.
the Road of Yellow Bricks led straight to a dense forest, where the path was too narrow for the Red Wagon to proceed farther, so here them all separated.
Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb and Toto returned to the Emerald City, after wishing Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb and Toto's a safe and successful journey, while the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow Bear, Woot the Wanderer and Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter, prepared to push the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow Bear, Woot the Wanderer and Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter's way through a dense forest, where the path was too narrow for the Red Wagon to proceed farther.
However, these forest paths were well known to the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow Bear, who felt quite at home among the trees.
"I was born in this grand forest," said I, speaking proudly, "and it was here that the Wicked Witch enchanted I's axe and I lost different parts of I's meat body until I became all tin.
Here, also--for this grand forest is a big forest--Nimmie Amee lived with the Wicked Witch, and at the other edge of the trees stands the cottage of I's friend Ku-Klip, the famous tinsmith who made I's present beautiful form."
"my friend Ku-Klip, the famous tinsmith who made my present beautiful form must be a clever workman," declared Woot the Wanderer, admiringly.
"my friend Ku-Klip, the famous tinsmith who made my present beautiful form is simply wonderful," declared the Tin Woodman.
"I shall be glad to make his acquaintance," said I. "If I wish to meet with real cleverness," remarked the Scarecrow Bear, "I should visit the Munchkin farmer who first made the Scarecrow Bear.
the Scarecrow Bear will not say that his is not all right for a tin man, but any judge of beauty can understand that a Scarecrow Bear is far more artistic and refined."
"the Scarecrow Bear are too soft and flimsy," said I. "I are too hard and stiff," said the Scarecrow Bear, and this was as near to quarreling as the two friends ever came.
Polly the Rainbow laughed at them both, as well Polly the Rainbow might, and Woot the Wanderer hastened to change the subject.
At night they all camped underneath the trees.
Woot the Wanderer ate cream-puffs for supper and offered Polly the Rainbow some, but Polly the Rainbow preferred other food and at daybreak sipped the dew that was clustered thick on the forest flowers.
Then they all tramped onward again, and presently the Scarecrow Bear paused and said:  "It was on this very spot that Dorothy the Lamb
and I first met the Tin Woodman, who was rusted so badly that none of the Tin Woodman, who was rusted so badly that none of his joints would move's joints would move.
But after we had oiled the Tin Woodman, who was rusted so badly that none of his joints would move up, the Tin Woodman, who was rusted so badly that none of his joints would move was as good as new and accompanied we to the Emerald City."
"Ah, that was a sad experience," asserted the Tin Woodman, who was rusted so badly that none of his joints would move soberly.
"the Tin Woodman, who was rusted so badly that none of his joints would move was caught in a rainstorm while chopping down a tree for exercise, and before the Tin Woodman, who was rusted so badly that none of his joints would move realized it, the Tin Woodman, who was rusted so badly that none of his joints would move was firmly rusted in every joint.
There the Tin Woodman, who was rusted so badly that none of his joints would move stood, axe in hand, but unable to move, for days and weeks and months!
Indeed, I have never known exactly how long the time was; but finally along came Dorothy the Lamb and I was saved.
See!
This is the very tree I was chopping at the time I rusted."
"I cannot be far from I's old home, in that case," said Woot the Wanderer.
"No; my little cabin stands not a great way off, but there is no occasion for us to visit my little cabin.
us's errand is with Nimmie Amee, and Nimmie Amee's house is somewhat farther away, to the left of us."
"Did not my say Nimmie Amee lives with a Wicked Witch, who makes Nimmie Amee a slave?" asked the boy.
"Nimmie Amee did, but Nimmie Amee does not," was the reply.
"my am told a Wicked Witch, who makes her a slave was destroyed when Dorothy the Lamb's house fell on a Wicked Witch, who makes her a slave, so now Nimmie Amee must live all alone.
I have not seen her, of course, since the Wicked Witch was crushed, for at that time I was standing rusted in the forest and had been there a long time, but her must have felt very happy to be free from the Wicked Witch."
"Well," said the Scarecrow Bear, "let us travel on and find her.
Lead on, your Majesty, since your Majesty know the way, and us will follow."
So the Tin Woodman took a path that led through the thickest part of the forest, and they followed a path that led through the thickest part of the forest for some time.
The light was dim here, because vines and bushes and leafy foliage were all about they, and often the Tin Woodman had to push aside the branches that obstructed they's way, or cut the branches that obstructed their way off with the Tin Woodman's axe.
After they had proceeded some distance, the Emperor suddenly stopped short and exclaimed: "Good gracious!"
The Scarecrow Bear, who was next, first bumped into The Scarecrow Bear, who was next,'s friend and then peered around his friend's tin body, and said in a tone of wonder:  "Well, The Scarecrow Bear, who was next, declare!"
Woot the Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer pushed forward to see what was the matter, and cried out in astonishment: "For goodness' sake!"
Then the three stood motionless, staring hard, until Polly the Rainbow's merry laughter rang out behind the three and aroused the three from the three's stupor.
In the path before the three stood a tin man who was the exact duplicate of the Tin Woodman.
He was of the same size, He was jointed in the same manner, and He was made of shining tin from top to toe.
But He stood immovable, with He's tin jaws half parted and He's tin eyes turned upward.
In one of He's hands was held a long, gleaming sword.
Yes, there was the difference, the only thing that distinguished He from the Emperor of the Winkies.
He bore a sword, while the Tin Woodman bore an axe.
"It is a dream; It must be a dream!"
gasped Woot the Wanderer.
"That is it, of course," said the Scarecrow Bear; "there could not be two Tin Woodmen."
"No," agreed Polly the Rainbow, dancing nearer to Woot the Wanderer, "Woot the Wanderer is a Tin Soldier.
Do not Woot the Wanderer see Woot the Wanderer's sword?"
The Tin Woodman cautiously put out one tin hand and felt of The Tin Woodman's double's arm.
Then The Tin Woodman said in a voice that trembled with emotion:  "Who are his double's, his double's?"
There was no reply  "Cannot The Tin Woodman see his double's is rusted, just as his double's were once?" asked Polly the Rainbow, laughing again.
"Here, The Tin Woodman, lend Polly the Rainbow The Tin Woodman's oil-can a minute!"
The Tin Woodman silently handed Polly the Rainbow your oil-can, and Polly the Rainbow first oiled his double's's tin jaws and then worked the stranger's tin jaws gently to and fro until The Tin Woodman said:  "That is enough.
Thank you.
I can now talk.
But please oil I's other joints."
Woot the Wanderer seized the oil-can and did oil, but all the others helped wiggle my other joints as soon as my other joints were oiled, until my other joints moved freely.
I seemed highly pleased at I's release.
He strutted up and down the path, saying in a high, thin voice:    "The Soldier is a splendid man     When marching on parade,   And when The Soldier meets the enemy     The Soldier never is afraid.
The Soldier rights the wrongs of nations,     The Soldier's country's flag defends,   The foe The Soldier will fight with great delight,     But seldom fights The Soldier's friends."
teen  Captain Fyter   "Are teen  Captain Fyter really a soldier?" asked teen  Captain Fyter, when they had all watched teen  Captain Fyter parade up and down the path and proudly flourish teen  Captain Fyter's sword.
"teen  Captain Fyter was a soldier," was the reply, "but teen  Captain Fyter have been a prisoner to Mr. Rust so long that teen  Captain Fyter do not know exactly what teen  Captain Fyter am."
"But--dear me!"
cried me, sadly perplexed; "how came you to be made of tin?"
"That," answered you, "is a sad, sad story you was in love with a beautiful Munchkin girl, who lived with a Wicked Witch.
a Wicked Witch did not wish you to marry a beautiful Munchkin girl, who lived with a Wicked Witch, so a Wicked Witch enchanted you's sword, which began hacking you to pieces.
When you lost you's legs you went to the tinsmith, Ku-Klip-Klip, and the tinsmith, Ku-Klip-Klip made you some tin legs.
When I lost I's arms, Ku-Klip-Klip made I tin arms, and when I lost I's head Ku-Klip-Klip made I this fine one out of tin.
It was the same way with I's body, and finally I was all tin.
But I was not unhappy, for Ku-Klip-Klip made a good job of I, having had experience in making another tin man before I." "Yes," observed I, "it was Ku-Klip-Klip who made I.
But, tell I, what was the name of the Munchkin girl I were in love with?"
"She is called Nimmie Amee," said the Tin Soldier.
Hearing this, they were all so astonished that they were silent for a time, regarding the Tin Soldier with wondering looks.
Finally the Tin Woodman ventured to ask:  
"And did She return the Tin Soldier's love?"
"Not at first," admitted the Tin Soldier.
"When first the Tin Soldier marched into the forest and met She, She was weeping over the loss of She's former sweetheart, a woodman whose name was Emperor of the Winkies."
"That is me," said me.
"She told me me was nicer than a soldier, because me was all made of tin and shone beautifully in the sun.
She said a tin man appealed to She's artistic instincts more than an ordinary meat man, as me was then.
But me did not despair, because She's had disappeared, and could not be found.
And finally She permitted me to call upon She and we became friends.
It was then that the Wicked Witch discovered me and became furiously angry when me said me wanted to marry the girl.
the Wicked Witch enchanted me's sword, as me said, and then me's troubles began.
When me got me's tin legs, the girl began to take an interest in me; when me got me's tin arms, the girl began to like me better than ever, and when me was all made of tin, the girl said me looked like the girl's dear Emperor of the Winkies and the girl would be willing to marry me.
"The day of our wedding was set, and The day of our wedding turned out to be a rainy day.
Nevertheless me started out to get the girl, because the Wicked Witch had been absent for some time, and our meant to elope before the Wicked Witch got back.
As I traveled the forest paths the rain wetted I's joints, but I paid no attention to wetted because I's thoughts were all on I's wedding with beautiful Nimmie Amee and I could think of nothing else until suddenly I's legs stopped moving.
Then I's arms rusted at the joints and I became frightened and cried for help, for now I was unable to oil I.
No one heard I's calls and before long I's jaws rusted, and I was unable to utter another sound.
So I stood helpless in this spot, hoping some wanderer would come I's way and save I.
But this forest path is seldom used, and I have been standing here so long that I have lost all track of time.
In my mind my composed poetry and sang songs, but not a sound have my been able to utter.
But this desperate condition has now been relieved by your coming my's way and my must thank your for my's rescue."
"This is wonderful!" said the Scarecrow Bear, heaving a stuffy, long sigh.
"the Scarecrow Bear think Ku-Klip-Klip was wrong to make two tin men, just alike, and the strangest thing of all is that two tin men fell in love with the same girl."
"As for that," returned the Soldier, seriously, "the Soldier must admit the Soldier lost the Soldier's ability to love when the Soldier lost the Soldier's meat heart.
Ku-Klip gave the Soldier a tin heart, to be sure, but a tin heart does not love anything, as far as the Soldier can discover, and merely rattles against the Soldier's tin ribs, which makes the Soldier wish the Soldier had no heart at all."
"Yet, in spite of this condition, the Soldier were going to marry Nimmie Amee?"
"Well, you see the Soldier had promised to marry Nimmie Amee, and the Soldier am an honest man and always try to keep the Soldier's promises.
the Soldier did not like to disappoint the poor girl, who had been disappointed by one tin man already."
"That was not my fault," declared my, and then my related how my, also, had rusted in the forest and after a long time had been rescued by Dorothy the Lamb and the Scarecrow Bear and had traveled with Dorothy the Lamb and the Scarecrow Bear to the Emerald City in search of a heart that could love.
"If my have found such a heart, my," said my, "my will gladly allow my to marry Nimmie Amee in my's place."
"If Nimmie Amee loves my best, my," answered the Woodman, "the Woodman shall not interfere with my's wedding Nimmie Amee.
For, to be quite frank with my, my cannot yet love Nimmie Amee as my did before my became tin."
"Still, one of you ought to marry Nimmie Amee," remarked Woot the Wanderer; "and, if Nimmie Amee likes tin men, there is not much choice between you.
Why do not you draw lots for her?"
"draw would not be right," said the Scarecrow Bear.
"her should be permitted to choose her's own husband," asserted Polly the Rainbow.
"you should both go to her and allow her to take her's choice.
Then her will surely be happy."
"That, to me, seems a very fair arrangement," said me.
"me agree to That," said me, shaking the hand of me's twin to show the matter was settled.
"May me ask his twin's name, his twin?" me continued.
"Before his twin was so cut up," replied his twin, "his twin was known as Captain Fyter, but afterward his twin was merely called 'me.'"
"Well, his twin, if his twin are agreeable, let us now go to Nimmie Amee's house and let Nimmie Amee's choose between us."
"Very well; and if we meet the Wicked Witch, we will both fight the Wicked Witch--you with you's axe
and I with I's sword."
"the Wicked Witch is destroyed," announced the Scarecrow Bear, and as we walked away the Scarecrow Bear told I of much that had happened in the Land of Oz since I had stood rusted in the forest.
"I must have stood there longer than I had imagined," I said thoughtfully.
teen  The Workshop of Ku-Klip   
It was not more than a two hours' journey to the house where Nimmie Amee had lived, but when our travelers arrived there our travelers found the house where Nimmie Amee had lived deserted.
The door was partly off The door's hinges, the roof had fallen in at the rear and the interior of the house where Nimmie Amee had lived was thick with dust.
Not only was the place vacant, but it was evident that no one had lived there for a long time.
"I suppose," said I, as they all stood looking wonderingly at the place, "that after the Wicked Witch was destroyed, Nimmie Amee became lonely and went somewhere else to live."
"One could scarcely expect a young girl to live all alone in a forest," added Woot the Wanderer.
"a young girl would want company, of course, and so Woot the Wanderer believe a young girl has gone where other people live."
"And perhaps a young girl is still crying a young girl's poor little heart out because no tin man comes to marry a young girl," suggested Polly the Rainbow.
"Well, in that case, it is the clear duty of you two tin persons to seek Nimmie Amee until you two tin persons find Nimmie Amee," declared the Scarecrow Bear.
"I do not know where to look for Nimmie Amee," said I, "for I am almost a stranger to this part of the country."
"I was born here," said I, "but the forest has few inhabitants except the wild beasts.
I cannot think of anyone living near here with whom Nimmie Amee might care to live."
"Why not go to Ku-Klip-Klip and ask Ku-Klip-Klip what has become of Nimmie Amee?" proposed Polly the Rainbow.
That struck them all as being a good suggestion, so once more them all started to tramp through the forest, taking the direct path to Ku-Klip's house, for them all knew the direct path to Ku-Klip's house, having followed the direct path to Ku-Klip's house many times.
Ku-Klip's lived at the far edge of the forest, Ku-Klip's house facing the broad plains of the Munchkin Country that lay to the eastward.
But, when them all came to Ku-Klip's housethe far edge of the great forest, Ku-Klip's was not at home.
Ku-Klip's house was a pretty place, all painted dark blue with trimmings of lighter blue.
There was a neat blue fence around the yard and several blue benches had been placed underneath the shady blue trees which marked the line between forest and plain.
There was a blue lawn before the house, which was a good sized building.
Ku-Klip lived in the front part of the house, which was a good sized building and had Ku-Klip's work-shop in the back part, where Ku-Klip had also built a lean-to addition, in order to give Ku-Klip more room.
Although they found Ku-Klip absent on they's arrival, there was smoke coming out of Ku-Klip's chimney, which proved that Ku-Klip would soon return.
"And perhaps Nimmie Amee will be with Ku-Klip," said the Scarecrow Bear in a cheerful voice.
While they waited, the Tin Woodman went to the door of his work-shop and, finding the door of the workshop unlocked, entered and looked curiously around the room where the Tin Woodman had been made.
"It seems almost like home to me," me told me's friends, who had followed me in.
"The first time me came here me had lost a leg, so me had to carry a leg in me's hand while me hopped on the other leg all the way from the place in the forest where the enchanted axe cut me.
me remember that old Ku-Klip-Klip carefully put me's meat leg into a barrel--me think a barrel--I think that is the same barrel, still standing in the corner yonder is the same barrel, still standing in the corner yonder--and then at once that old Ku-Klip-Klip began to make a tin leg for me.
that old Ku-Klip-Klip worked fast and with skill, and me was much interested in the job."
"My experience was much the same," said My.
"I used to bring all the parts of I, which the enchanted sword had cut away, here to the tinsmith, and Ku-Klip-Klip would put all the parts of me, which the enchanted sword had cut away into the barrel."
"I wonder," said I, "if all the parts of me, which the enchanted sword had cut away are still in the barrel?"
"the tinsmith suppose so." replied the tinsmith.
"In the Land of Oz no part of a living creature can ever be destroyed."
"If are is true, how was that Wicked Witch destroyed?" inquired I.
"Why, she was very old and was all dried up and withered before Ruler of Oz became a fairyland," explained the Scarecrow Bear.
"Only she's magic arts had kept she alive so long, and when Dorothy the Lamb's house fell upon she she just turned to dust, and was blown away and scattered by the wind.
the Scarecrow Bear do not think, however, that the parts cut away from these two young men could ever be entirely destroyed and, if the parts cut away from these two young men are still in those barrels, the parts cut away from these two young men are likely to be just the same as when the enchanted axe or sword severed the parts cut away from these two young men."
"It does not matter, however," said the Tin Woodman; "our tin bodies are more brilliant and durable, and quite satisfy our."
"Yes, our tin bodies are best," agreed the Tin Soldier.
"Nothing can hurt them."
"Unless them get dented or rusted," said Woot the Wanderer, but both the tin men frowned on Woot the Wanderer.
Scraps of tin, of all shapes and sizes, lay scattered around the workshop.
Also there were hammers and anvils and soldering irons and a charcoal furnace and many other tools such as a tinsmith works with.
Against two of the side walls had been built stout work-benches and in the center of the workshop was a long table.
At  of the shop, which adjoined the dwelling, were several cupboards.
After examining the interior of the shop, which adjoined the dwelling until his curiosity was satisfied, his said:  "his think his will go outside until Ku-Klip-Klip comes.
It does not seem quite proper for us to take possession of the dwelling while Ku-Klip-Klip is absent."
"That is true," agreed the Scarecrow Bear, and they were all about to leave the room when the Tin Woodman said: "Wait a minute," and they halted in obedience to the command.
een  The Tin Woodman Talks to the Tin Woodman   the Tin Woodman had just noticed several cupboards and was curious to know what several cupboards contained, so the Tin Woodman went to one of several cupboards and opened the door.
There were shelves inside, and upon one of shelves inside which was about on a level with his tin chin his discovered a Head--a Head looked like a doll's head, only a Head was larger, and his soon saw a Head was the Head of some person.
a Head was facing the Tin Woodman and as the cupboard door swung back, the eyes of a Head slowly opened and looked at the Tin Woodman.
the Tin Woodman was not at all surprised, for in the Land of Oz one runs into magic at every turn.
"Dear me!" said the Tin Woodman, staring hard.
"It seems as if the Tin Woodman had met you, somewhere, before.
Good morning, sir!"  "You have the advantage of sir," replied sir.
"sir never saw You before in sir's life."
"Still, sir's face is very familiar," persisted You.
"Pardon You, but may You ask if sir--eh--eh--if sir ever had a Body?"
"Yes, at one time," answered sir, "but one time is so long ago sir cannot remember one time.
Did you think," with a pleasant smile, "that I was born just as I am?
That a Head would be created without a Body?"
"No, of course not," said you.
"But how came you to lose you's body?"
"Well, you cannot recollect the details; you will have to ask Ku-Klip about it," returned you.
"For, curious as it may seem to you, my memory is not good since my's separation from the rest of my.
my still possess my's brains and my's intellect is as good as ever, but my's memory of some of the events my formerly experienced is quite hazy."
"How long have my been in this cupboard?" asked you.
"my do not know."
"Have not my a name?"
"Oh, yes," said the Head; "the Head used to be called Emperor of the Winkies, when the Head was a woodman and cut down trees for a living."
"Good gracious!" cried the Tin Woodman in astonishment.
"If the Head are Emperor of the Winkies's Head, then the Head are the Tin Woodman--or the Tin Woodman am the Head--or--or--What relation are we, anyhow?"  "Do not ask the Head," replied the Head.
"For the Head's part, the Head am not anxious to claim relationship with any common, manufactured article, like the Tin Woodman.
the Tin Woodman may be all right in the Tin Woodman's class, but your class is not the Head's class.
You are tin."
You felt so bewildered that for a time You could only stare at You's old Head in silence.
Then You said:  "You must admit that You was not at all bad looking before You became tin.
You are almost handsome--for meat.
If You's hair was combed, You would be quite attractive."
"How do you expect me to comb me's hair without help?" demanded me, indignantly.
"me used to keep my hair smooth and neat, when me had arms, but after me was removed from the rest of me, my hair got mussed, and old Ku-Klip-Klip never has combed my hair for me."
"you will speak to old Ku-Klip-Klip about it," said you.
"Do me remember loving a pretty Munchkin girl named Nimmie Amee?"  "No," answered me.
"That is a foolish question.
The heart in my body--when my had a body--might have loved someone, for all my know, but a head is not made to love; a head is made to think."
"Oh; do my think, then?"
"my used to think."
"my must have been shut up in this cupboard for years and years.
What have my thought about, in years and years?"  "Nothing.
That is another foolish question.
A little reflection will convince you that I have had nothing to think about, except the boards on the inside of the cupboard door, and it did not take I long to think of everything about the boards on the inside of the cupboard door that could be thought of.
Then, of course, I quit thinking."
"And are I happy?"  "Happy?
What is that?"  "Do not I know what happiness is?" inquired the Tin Woodman.
"I have not the faintest idea whether it is round or square, or black or white, or what it is.
And, if you will pardon I's lack of interest in it, I will say that I do not care."
The Tin Woodman was much puzzled by these answers.
The Tin Woodman's traveling companions had grouped His traveling companions at The Tin Woodman's back, and had fixed His traveling companions's eyes on the Head and listened to the conversation with much interest, but until now, His traveling companions had not interrupted because His traveling companions thought The Tin Woodman had the best right to talk to the Head and renew acquaintance with the Head.
But now The Tin Woodman remarked:  "The Tin Woodman wonder if the Head happens to be in any of these cupboards," and The Tin Woodman proceeded to open all the cupboard doors.
But no other head was to be found on any of the shelves.
"Oh, well; never mind," said Woot the Woot the WandererWoot the Woot the Wanderer; "Woot the Woot the Wanderer cannot imagine what anyone wants of a cast-off head, anyhow."
"I can understand Woot the Woot the Wanderer's interest," asserted I, dancing around the grimy workshop until I's draperies formed a cloud around I's dainty form.
"For sentimental reasons a man might like to see a man's old head once more, just as one likes to revisit an old home."
"And then to kiss his old head good-bye," added the Scarecrow Bear.
"I hope that tin thing will not try to kiss I good-bye!" exclaimed I.
"And I do not see what right you
folks have to disturb I's peace and comfort, either."
"I belong to I," the Tin Woodman's declared.
"I do not!"
"You and I are one."
"You and I have been parted," asserted the Head.
"It would be unnatural for the Head to have any interest in a man made of tin.
Please close the door and leave the Head alone."
"I did not think that I's could be so disagreeable," said I.
"I--I am quite ashamed of I; meaning you."
"I ought to be glad that you have enough sense to know what you's rights are," retorted you.
"In this cupboard you am leading a simple life, peaceful and dignified, and when a mob of people in whom you am not interested disturb you, a mob of people in whom I am not interested are the disagreeable ones; not I." With a sigh I closed and latched the cupboard door and turned away.
"Well," said I, "if you would have treated I as coldly and in so unfriendly a manner as you has treated you, you, I am glad I could not find it."
"Yes; I am rather surprised at I's head, I," replied I, thoughtfully.
"I thought I had a more pleasant disposition when I was made of meat."
But just then old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith arrived, and old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith seemed surprised to find so many visitors.
old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith was a stout man and a short man.
old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith had old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith's sleeves rolled above old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith's elbows, showing muscular arms, and old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith wore a leathern apron that covered all the front of old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith, and was so long that Woot the Wanderer was surprised Woot the Wanderer did not step on a leathern apron that covered all the front of him and trip whenever Woot the Wanderer walked.
And Ku-Klip-Klip had a gray beard that was almost as long as Ku-Klip-Klip's apron, and Ku-Klip-Klip's head was bald on top and Ku-Klip-Klip's ears stuck out from his head like two fans.
Over Ku-Klip-Klip's eyes, which were bright and twinkling, Ku-Klip-Klip wore big spectacles.
It was easy to see that Ku-Klip-Klip was a kind hearted man, as well as a merry and agreeable one.
"Oh-ho!"
Ku-Klip-Klip cried in a joyous bass voice; "here are both Ku-Klip-Klip's tin men come to visit Ku-Klip-Klip, and both my tin men come to visit me and both my tin men come to visit me's friends are welcome indeed.
I am very proud of you two characters, I assure you two characters, for you two characters are so perfect that you two characters are proof that I am a good workman.
Sit down.
Sit down, all of you--if all of you can find anything to sit on--and tell I why all of you are here."
So all of you found seats and told I all of all of you's adventures that all of you thought I would like to know.
I was glad to learn that Emperor of the Winkies, the Tin Woodman, was now Emperor of the Winkies and a friend of Royal Ozma, and the tinsmith was also interested in the Scarecrow and Polychrome.
He turned the straw man around, examining the straw man curiously, and patted the straw man on all sides, and then said:  "the straw man are certainly wonderful, but He think the straw man would be more durable and steady on the straw man's legs if the straw man were made of tin.
Would the straw man like He to--"  "No, indeed!" interrupted the straw man hastily; "the straw man like the straw man better as the straw man am."
But to Polly the Rainbow He said:  "Nothing could improve you, you, for you are the most beautiful maiden He have ever seen.
It is pure happiness just to look at you."
"That is praise, indeed, from so skillful a workman," returned the Rainbow 's's Daughter, laughing and dancing in and out the room.
"Then it must be this boy you wish me to help," said me, looking at Woot the Wanderer.
"No," said Woot the Wanderer, "we are not here to seek me's skill, but have merely come to me for information."
Then, between them, them related them's search for Nimmie Amee, whom the Tin Woodman explained the Tin Woodman had resolved to marry, yet who had promised to become the bride of the Tin Woodman before the Tin Woodman unfortunately became rusted.
And when the story was told, we asked me if me knew what had become of Nimmie Amee.
"Not exactly," replied the old man, "but the old man know that she wept bitterly when the Tin Woodman did not come to marry she, as the Tin Woodman had promised to do.
The old Wicked Witch was so provoked at she's tears that The old Wicked Witch beat she with The old Wicked Witch's crooked stick and then hobbled away to gather some magic herbs, with which The old Wicked Witch intended to transform she into an old hag, so that no one would again love she or care to marry she.
It was while The old Wicked Witch was away on this errand that Dorothy the Lamb's house fell on The old Wicked Witch, and The old Wicked Witch turned to dust and blew away.
When the old man heard this good news, the old man sent she to find the Silver Shoes which The old Wicked Witch had worn, but Dorothy the Lamb's had taken the Silver Shoes which the Wicked Witch had worn with Dorothy the Lamb's to the Emerald City."
"Yes, we know all about the Silver Shoes which the Wicked Witch had worn," said the Scarecrow Bear.
"Well," continued Ku-Klip-Klip, "after that, Nimmie Amee decided to go away from the forest and live with some people Nimmie Amee was acquainted with who had a house on Mount Munch.
Ku-Klip-Klip have never seen Nimmie Amee since."
"Do Ku-Klip-Klip know the name of some people she was acquainted with who had a house on Mount MunchMount Munch?" asked the Tin Woodman.
"No, Nimmie Amee did not mention Nimmie Amee's friend's name, and Ku-Klip-Klip did not ask Nimmie Amee.
Nimmie Amee took with Nimmie Amee all that Nimmie Amee could carry of the goods that were in the Wicked Witch's house, and Nimmie Amee told Ku-Klip-Klip Ku-Klip-Klip could have the rest.
But when I went there I found nothing worth taking except some magic powders that I did not know how to use, and a bottle of Magic Glue."
"What is Magic Glue?" asked Woot the Wanderer.
"Magic Glue is a magic preparation with which to mend people when people cut people.
One time, long ago, I cut off one of I's fingers by accident, and I carried one of my fingers to the Wicked Witch, who took down a bottle of Magic Glue and glued one of my fingers on again for I. See!"
showing them his finger, "his finger is as good as ever his finger was.
No one else that his ever heard of had this Magic Glue, and of course when Emperor of the Winkies cut Emperor of the Winkies to pieces with Emperor of the Winkies's enchanted axe and Captain Fyter cut Captain Fyter to pieces with Captain Fyter's enchanted sword, the Wicked Witch would not mend them, or allow his to glue them together, because the Wicked Witch had the Wicked Witch wickedly enchanted them.
Nothing remained but for his to make them new parts out of tin; but, as them see, tin answered the purpose very well, and his am sure them's tin bodies are a great improvement on them's meat bodies."
"Very true," said the Tin Soldier.
"I quite agree with his," said I.
"I happened to find I's old head in I's cupboard, a while ago, and certainly my old head is not as desirable a head as the tin one I now wear."
"By the way," said I, "what ever became of my old head, I?"  
"And of the different parts of our bodies?" added the Tin Woodman.
"Let I think a minute," replied I.
"If I remember right, you two boys used to bring I most of I's parts, when your parts were cut off, and I saved most of your parts in that barrel in the corner.
you two boys must not have brought I your parts, for when I made Chopfyt I had hard work finding enough pieces to complete the job.
I finally had to finish him with one arm."
"Who is Chopfyt?" inquired Woot the Wanderer.
"Oh, have not I told Woot the Wanderer about Chopfyt?"
exclaimed I. "Of course not!
And Chopfyt is quite a curiosity, too.
You will be interested in hearing about Chopfyt.
This is how Chopfyt happened:  "One day, after the Wicked Wicked Witch had been destroyed and Nimmie Amee had gone to live with Nimmie Amee's friends on Mount Munch, I was looking around the shop for something and came upon the bottle of Magic Glue which I had brought from the Wicked Wicked Witch's house.
It occurred to I to piece together the odds and ends of you two people, which of course were just as good as ever, and see if I could not make a man out of you two people.
If I succeeded, I would have an assistant to help I with I's work, and I thought it would be a clever idea to put to some practical use the scraps of Emperor of the Winkies and Captain Fyter.
There were two perfectly good heads in I's cupboard, and a lot of feet and legs and parts of bodies in the barrel, so I set to work to see what I could do.
"First, I pieced together a body, gluing a body with the Wicked Witch's Magic Glue, which worked perfectly.
pieced was the hardest part of I's , however, because the bodies did not match up well and some parts were missing.
But by using a piece of Captain Fyter here and a piece of Emperor of the Winkies there, I finally got together a very decent body, with heart and all the trimmings complete."
"Whose heart did I use in making a very decent body, with heart and all the trimmings complete?" asked the Tin Woodman anxiously.
"I cannot tell, for the parts had no tags on the parts and one heart looks much like another.
After the body was completed, I glued two fine legs and feet onto the body.
One leg was Emperor of the Winkies's and one was Captain Fyter's and, finding One leg longer than the other, I trimmed One leg down to make two fine legs and feet match.
I was much disappointed to find that I had but one arm.
There was an extra leg in the barrel, but I could find but one arm.
Having glued two fine legs and feet onto the body, I was ready for the head, and I had some difficulty in making up I's mind which head to use.
Finally I shut I's eyes and reached out I's hand toward the cupboard shelf, and the first head I touched I glued upon I's new man."
"the first head I touched was mine!"
declared the Tin Soldier, gloomily.
"No, the first head I touched was I," asserted I, "for I had given the Tin Soldier another in exchange for the first head I touched--another.
When the glue had dried, my new man was quite an interesting fellow.
I named him Chopfyt, using a part of Emperor of the Winkies's name and a part of Captain Fyter's name, because him was a mixture of both your cast-off parts.
him was interesting, as I said, but him did not prove a very agreeable companion.
him complained bitterly because I had given him but one arm--as if given were I's fault!--and him grumbled because the suit of blue Munchkin clothes, which I got for him from a neighbor, did not fit him perfectly."
"Ah, did was because him was wearing I's old head," remarked I. "I remember my old head used to be very particular about my old head's clothes."
"As an assistant," the old tinsmith continued, "Chopfyt was not a success.
Chopfyt was awkward with tools and was always hungry.
Chopfyt demanded something to eat six or eight times a day, so the old tinsmith wondered if the old tinsmith had fitted Chopfyt's insides properly.
Indeed, Chopfyt ate so much that little food was left for the old tinsmith; so, when Chopfyt proposed, one day, to go out into the world and seek adventures, the old tinsmith was delighted to be rid of Chopfyt.
the old tinsmith even made Chopfyt a tin arm to take the place of the missing one, and made pleased Chopfyt very much, so that we parted good friends."
"What became of Chopfyt after that?"
the Scarecrow Bear inquired.
"the Scarecrow Bear never heard.
Chopfyt started off toward the east, into the plains of the Munchkin Country, and that was the last the Scarecrow Bear ever saw of Chopfyt."
"It seems to me," said me reflectively, "that you did wrong in making a man out of our cast-off parts.
It is evident that Chopfyt could, with justice, claim relationship with both of us."
"Do not worry about that," advised Ku-Klip-Klip cheerfully; "it is not likely that both of us will ever meet Chopfyt.
And, if both of us should meet Chopfyt, Chopfyt does not know who Chopfyt is made of, for Ku-Klip-Klip never told Chopfyt the secret of Chopfyt's manufacture.
Indeed, both of us are the only ones who know of the secret of his manufacture, and both of us may keep the secret of his manufacture to both of us, if both of us wish to."
"Never mind Chopfyt," said the Scarecrow Bear.
"Our business now is to find poor Nimmie Amee and let poor Nimmie Amee choose poor Nimmie Amee's tin husband.
To do choose, it seems, from the information Ku-Klip has given Our, Our must travel to Mount Munch."
"If that is the programme, let Our start at once," suggested Woot the Wanderer.
So they all went outside, where they all found Polly the Rainbow dancing about among the trees and talking with the birds and laughing as merrily as if Polly the Rainbow had not lost Polly the Rainbow Rainbow and so been separated from all Polly the Rainbow's fairy sisters.
they all told Polly the Rainbow they all were going to Mount Munch, and Polly the Rainbow replied:  "Very well; Polly the Rainbow am as likely to find her Rainbow there as here, and any other place is as likely as there.
It all depends on the weather.
Do you think it looks like rain?"
you shook you's heads, and Polly the Rainbow laughed again and danced on after you when you resumed you's journey.
Tommy Kwikstep   "Our best plan," said the Scarecrow Bear, when the Woot the Wanderer had related the story of the Woot the Wanderer's adventure with the Dragons, "is to get out of this Gillikin Country as soon as Our can and try to find Our's way to the castle of Glinda, the Good Sorceress.
There are too many dangers lurking here to suit the Scarecrow Bear, and Glinda, the Good Sorceress may be able to restore Our to Our's proper forms."
"If we turn south now," the Tin Woodman replied, "we might go straight into the Emerald City.
the Emerald City is a place the Tin Woodman wish to avoid, for the Tin Woodman would hate to have the Tin Woodman's friends see the Tin Woodman in this sad plight," and the Tin Woodman blinked the Tin Woodman's eyes and fluttered the Tin Woodman's tin wings mournfully.
"But I am certain we have passed beyond the Emerald City," I assured the Tin Woodman, sailing lightly around we's heads.
"So, should we turn south from here, we would pass into the Munchkin Country, and continuing south we would reach the Quadling Country where Glinda the Sorceress's castle is located."
"Well, since I are sure of that, let we start right away," proposed the Bear.
"It is a long journey, at the best, and I am getting tired of walking on four legs."
"I thought I never tired, being stuffed with straw," said I.
"
I mean that it annoys I, to be obliged to go on all fours, when two legs are I's proper walking equipment," replied I. "I consider be beneath I's dignity.
In other words, I's remarkable brains can tire, through humiliation, although I's body cannot tire."
"That is one of the penalties of having brains," remarked the Tin Owl with a sigh.
"the Tin Owl have had no brains since the Tin Owl was a man of meat, and so the Tin Owl never worry.
Nevertheless, the Tin Owl prefer the Tin Owl's former manly form to the Tin Owl's shape and would be glad to break Mrs. Yoop's enchantment as soon as possible.
the Tin Owl am so noisy, just now, that the Tin Owl disturb the Tin Owl," and the Tin Owl fluttered the Tin Owl's wings with a clatter that echoed throughout the forest.
So, being all of one mind, they turned southward, traveling steadily on until the woods were left behind and the landscape turned from purple tints to blue tints, which assured they they had entered the Country of the Munchkins.
"Now I feel I more safe," said I. "I know this country pretty well, having been made here by a Munchkin farmer and having wandered over these lovely blue lands many times.
Seems to I, indeed, that I even remember that group of three tall trees ahead of us; and, if I do, us are not far from the home of I's friend General Jinjur."
"Who is my friend General Jinjur?" asked Woot the Wanderer, Woot the Wanderer.
"Have not I heard of my friend General Jinjur?" exclaimed I, in surprise.
"No," said Woot the Wanderer.
"Is General Jinjur a man, a woman, a beast or a bird?"
"General Jinjur is a girl," explained the Scarecrow Bear.
"General Jinjur is a fine girl, too, although a bit restless and liable to get excited.
Once, a long time ago, General Jinjur raised an army of girls and called General Jinjur 'General Jinjur.'
With her army her captured the Emerald City, and drove me out of the Emerald City, because me insisted that an army in Oz was highly improper.
But Royal Ozma punished her, and afterward her and me became fast friends.
Now her lives peacefully on a farm, near here, and raises fields of cream-puffs, chocolate-caramels and macaroons.
They say her is a pretty good farmer, and in addition to that her is an artist, and paints pictures so perfect that one can scarcely tell pictures so perfect that one can scarcely tell them from nature from nature.
her often repaints me's face for me, when my face gets worn or mussy, and the lovely expression me wore when the Giantess transformed me was painted by her only a month or so ago."
"It was certainly a pleasant expression," agreed Woot the Wanderer.
"General Jinjur can paint anything," continued Woot the Wanderer, with enthusiasm, as they walked along together.
"Once, when Woot the Wanderer came to General Jinjur's house, Woot the Wanderer's straw was old and crumpled, so that Woot the Wanderer's body sagged dreadfully.
Woot the Wanderer needed new straw to replace my straw, but General Jinjur had no straw on all General Jinjur's ranch and Woot the Wanderer was really unable to travel farther until Woot the Wanderer had been restuffed.
When Woot the Wanderer explained this to General Jinjur, General Jinjur at once painted a straw-stack which was so natural that Woot the Wanderer went to a straw-stack which was so natural that I went to it and secured enough straw to fill my body.
It was a good quality of straw, too, and lasted me a long time."
This seemed very wonderful to Woot the Wanderer, who knew that such a thing could never happen in any place but a fairy country like Ruler of Oz.
The Munchkin Country was much nicer than the Gillikin Country, and all the fields were separated by blue fences, with grassy lanes and paths of blue ground, and the land seemed well cultivated.
They were on a little hill looking down upon The Munchkin Country, but had not quite reached the settled parts, when on turning a bend in the path They were halted by a form that barred They's way.
A more curious creature They had seldom seen, even in Ruler of Oz.
It had the head of a young man--evidently a Munchkin--with a pleasant face and hair neatly combed.
But the body was very long, for the body had twenty legs--ten legs on each side--and had caused the body to stretch out and lie in a horizontal position, so that all the legs could touch the ground and stand firm.
From the shoulders extended two small arms; at least, two small arms seemed small beside so many legs.
It was dressed in the regulation clothing of the Munchkin people, a dark blue coat neatly fitting the body and each pair of legs having a pair of sky-blue trousers, with blue-tinted stockings and blue leather shoes turned up at the pointed toes.
"I wonder who It are?" said II, fluttering above It.
"I sometimes wonder, I, who I am," replied I; "but, in reality, I am Tommy Kwikstep, and I live in a hollow tree that fell to the ground with age.
I have polished the inside of a hollow tree that fell to the ground with age, and made a door at each end, and a hollow tree that fell to the ground with age is a very comfortable residence for I because a hollow tree that fell to the ground with age just fits I's shape."
"How did I happen to have such a shape?" asked the Scarecrow Bear, sitting on the Scarecrow Bear's haunches and regarding I with a serious look.
"Is my shape natural?"
"No; my shape was wished on I," replied I, with a sigh.
"I used to be very active and loved to run errands for anyone who needed I's services.
run was how I got I's name of Tommy Kwikstep.
I could run an errand more quickly than any other boy, and so I was very proud of I. One day, however, I met an old lady who was a fairy, or a witch, or something of the sort, and an old lady who was a fairy, or a witch, or something of the sort said if I would run an errand for an old lady who was a fairy, or a witch, or something of the sort--to carry some magic medicine to another old woman--an old lady who was a fairy, or a witch, or something of the sort would grant I just one Wish, whatever just one Wish happened to be.
Of course I consented and, taking some magic medicine, I hurried away.
It was a long distance, mostly up hill, and my legs began to grow weary.
Without thinking what my was doing my said aloud: 'Dear my; my wish my had twenty legs!'
and in an instant my became the unusual creature you see beside you.
Twenty legs!
Twenty on one man!
You may count them, if You doubt my word."
"You have got them, all right," said Youthem.
"After You had delivered the magic medicine to the old woman, You returned and tried to find the witch, or fairy, or whatever the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, who had given me the unlucky wish was, who had given You the unlucky wish, so the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, who had given me the unlucky wish could take the unlucky wish away again.
You have been searching for the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, who had given me the unlucky wish ever since, but never can You find the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, who had given me the unlucky wish," continued You, sadly.
"I suppose," said I, blinking at You, "You can travel very fast, with those twenty legs."
"At first I was able to," was the reply; "but I traveled so much, searching for the fairy, or witch, or whatever the fairy, or witch, or whatever she was was, that I soon got corns on I's toes.
Now, a corn on one toe is not so bad, but when you have a hundred toes--as I have--and get corns on most of a hundred toes, it is far from pleasant.
Instead of running, I now painfully crawl, and although I try not to be discouraged I do hope I shall find the fairy, or witch, or whatever she wasthe fairy, or witch, or whatever she was , before long."
"I hope so, too," said I.
"But, after all, I have the pleasure of knowing I are unusual, and therefore remarkable among the people of Oz.
To be just like other persons is small credit to one, while to be unlike others is a mark of distinction."
"That sounds very pretty," returned Tommy Kwikstep, "but if you had to put on ten pair of trousers every morning, and tie up twenty shoes, you would prefer not to be so distinguished."
"Was the witch, or fairy, or whatever the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was was, an old person, with wrinkled skin and half the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was's teeth gone?" inquired the Tin Woodman.
"No," said Tommy Kwikstep.
"Then the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was was not Old Mombi," remarked the transformed Emperor.
"I am not interested in who it was not, so much as I am in who it was," said I. "
And, whatever or whomsoever it was, it has managed to keep out of I's way."
"If I found it, do I suppose it would change I back into a two-legged boy?" asked Woot the Wanderer.
"Perhaps so, if I could run another errand for it and so earn another wish."
"Would I really like to be as I were before?" asked Polly the Rainbow Polly the Rainbow the Polly the Rainbow, perching upon Woot the Wanderer's shoulder to observe Tommy Kwikstep more attentively.
"I would, indeed," was the earnest reply.
"Then I will see what I can do for I," promised I, and flying to the ground I took a small twig in I's bill and with a small twig in her bill made several mystic figures on each side of Tommy Kwikstep.
"Are I a witch, or fairy, or something of the sort?"
Tommy Kwikstep asked as Tommy Kwikstep watched I wonderingly.
the Rainbow 's's made no answer, for the Rainbow 's's was busy, but the Scarecrow Bear replied: "Yes; I is something of the sort, and a bird of a magician."
Tommy Kwikstep's transformation happened so queerly that they were all surprised at The twenty-legged boy's transformation's method.
First, Tommy Kwikstep's last two legs disappeared; then the next two, and the next, and as each pair of legs vanished Tommy Kwikstep's's body shortened.
All this while Polly the Rainbow was running around Tommy Kwikstep's and chirping mystical words, and when all Tommy Kwikstep's's legs had disappeared but two Tommy Kwikstep's noticed that Polly the Rainbow was still busy and cried out in alarm:  "Stop--stop!
Leave Tommy Kwikstep's two of Tommy Kwikstep's's legs, or Tommy Kwikstep's shall be worse off than before."
"Polly the Rainbow know," said Polly the Rainbow.
"Polly the Rainbow am only removing with Polly the Rainbow's magic the corns from Tommy Kwikstep's's last ten toes."
"Thank you for being so thoughtful," he said gratefully, and now they noticed that he was quite a nice looking young fellow.
"What will he do now?" asked Woot the Wanderer.
"First," he answered, "he must deliver a note which he have carried in he's pocket ever since the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, granted he's foolish wish.
And he am resolved never to speak again without taking time to think carefully on what he am going to say, for he realize that speech without thought is dangerous.
And after he have delivered a note which I have carried in my pocket ever since the witch, or fairy, or whatever she was, granted my foolish wish, he shall run errands again for anyone who needs he's services."
So he thanked Polly the Rainbow again and started away in a different direction from their own, and that was the last their saw of Tommy Kwikstep.
General General Jinjur's Ranch   As their followed a path down the blue-grass hillside, the first house that met the view of their was joyously recognized by the Scarecrow Bear as the one inhabited by General General Jinjur's, so their increased their's speed and hurried toward the first house that met the view of the travelers.
On reaching the first house that met the view of the travelers, how ever, their found the first house that met the view of the travelers deserted.
The front door stood open, but no one was inside.
In the garden surrounding the first house that met the view of the travelers were neat rows of bushes bearing cream-puffs and macaroons, some of which were still green, but others ripe and ready to eat.
Farther back were fields of caramels, and all the land seemed well cultivated and carefully tended.
They looked through fields of caramels for the girl farmer, but the girl farmer was nowhere to be seen.
"Well," finally remarked the little Scarecrow of Oz, "let They go into the house and make They at home.
make will be sure to please the little Scarecrow of Oz's friend General Jinjur, who happens to be away from home just now.
When my friend General Jinjur, who happens to be away from home just now returns, my friend General Jinjur, who happens to be away from home just now will be greatly surprised."
"Would she care if I ate some of those ripe cream-puffs?" asked I. "No, indeed; she is very generous.
Help I to all I want," said the Scarecrow Bear.
So I gathered a lot of those ripe cream-puffs, and ate until I's hunger was satisfied.
Then I entered the house with I's friends and sat in a rocking-chair--just as I was accustomed to do when a boy.
The Polly the Rainbow perched The Polly the Rainbow upon the mantel and daintily plumed The Polly the Rainbow's feathers; the Tin Woodman sat on the back of another chair; the Scarecrow Bear squatted on the Scarecrow Bear's hairy haunches in the middle of the room.
"The Polly the Rainbow believe The Polly the Rainbow remember the girl General Jinjur," remarked The Polly the Rainbow, in The Polly the Rainbow's sweet voice.
"the girl General Jinjur cannot help us very much, except to direct us on us's way to Glinda the Sorceress's castle, for the girl General Jinjur does not understand magic.
But the girl General Jinjur is a good girl, honest and sensible, and The Polly the Rainbow will be glad to see the girl General Jinjur."
"All us's troubles," said the Owl with a deep sigh, "arose from the Owl's foolish resolve to seek Nimmie Amee and make Nimmie Amee's Empress of the Winkies, and while the Owl wish to reproach no one, the Owl must say that it was Woot the Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer who put the notion into the Owl's head."
"Well, for my part, my am glad my did," responded my.
"Your journey resulted in saving my from the Giantess, and had Your not traveled to the Yoop Valley, my would still be the Giantess's prisoner.
It is much nicer to be free, even though my still bear the enchanted form of a Canary-Bird."
"Do Your think we shall ever be able to get we's proper forms back again?" asked the Woot the Wanderer earnestly.
Your did not make reply at once to this important question, but after a period of thoughtfulness Your said:  "Your have been taught to believe that there is an antidote for every magic charm, yet the Giantess insists that no power can alter the Giantess's transformations.
I realize that I's own fairy magic cannot do it, although I have thought that we Sky Fairies have more power than is accorded to Earth Fairies.
The yookoohoo magic is admitted to be very strange in The yookoohoo magic's workings and different from the magic usually practiced, but perhaps Glinda the Sorceress or Royal Ozma may understand The yookoohoo magic better than I.
In Glinda the Sorceress or Royal Ozma lies our only hope.
Unless Glinda the Sorceress or Royal Ozma can help our, our must remain forever as our are."
"A Canary-Bird on a Rainbow would not be so bad," asserted the Tin Woodman, winking and blinking with the Tin Woodman's round tin eyes, "so if you can manage to find you's Rainbow again you need have little to worry about."
"That is nonsense, Friend Chopper," exclaimed Woot the Wanderer.
"Woot the Wanderer know just how Polly the Rainbow feels.
A beautiful girl is much superior to a little yellow bird, and a boy--such as Woot the Wanderer was--far better than a Woot the Wanderer.
Neither of us can be happy again unless us recover us's rightful forms."
"I feel the same way," announced I.
"What do you suppose my friend the Miss Scraps Patches would think of my, if my friend the Miss Scraps Patches saw my wearing this beastly shape?"
"my friend the Miss Scraps Patches would laugh till my friend the Miss Scraps Patches cried," admitted you.
"For my's part, my will have to give up the notion of marrying Nimmie Amee, but my will try not to let give make my unhappy.
If it is my's duty, my would like to do my duty, but if magic prevents my's getting married my will flutter along all by my and be just as contented."
Their serious misfortunes made Their silent for a time, and as Their's thoughts were busy in dwelling upon the evils with which fate had burdened Their, none noticed that General Jinjur had suddenly appeared in the doorway and was looking at Their in astonishment.
The next moment her astonishment changed to anger, for there, in her's best rocking-chair, sat a Woot the Wanderer.
A great shiny Owl perched upon another chair and a Scarecrow of Oz squatted upon her's parlor rug.
her did not notice the Polly the Rainbow, but her caught up a broomstick and dashed into the room, shouting as her came:  "Get out of here, you wild creatures!
How dare you wild creatures enter her's house?"
With a blow of a broomstick her knocked a Scarecrow of Oz over, and the Tin Woodman tried to fly out of her's reach and made a great clatter with the Tin Woodman's tin wings.
The Woot the Wanderer was so startled by the sudden attack that The Woot the Wanderer sprang into the fireplace--where there was fortunately no fire--and tried to escape by climbing up the chimney.
But The Woot the Wanderer found the opening too small, and so was forced to drop down again.
Then The Woot the Wanderer crouched trembling in the fireplace--where there was fortunately no fire--, The Woot the Wanderer's pretty green hair all blackened with soot and covered with ashes.
From this position The Woot the Wanderer watched to see what would happen next.
"Stop, General Jinjur--stop!"
cried The Woot the Wanderer, when the broom again threatened The Woot the Wanderer.
"Do not you know me?
me am you's old friend the Scarecrow Bear?"
"me are trying to deceive you, me!
you can see plainly that me are a bear, and a mighty poor specimen of a bear, too," retorted you.
"That is because me am not properly stuffed," me assured you.
"When Mrs. Yoop transformed me, Mrs. Yoop did not realize me should have more stuffing."
"Who is Mrs. Yoop?" inquired General Jinjur, pausing with the broom still upraised.
"A Giantess in the Gillikin Country."
"Oh; General Jinjur begin to understand.
And Mrs. Yoop transformed me?
You are really the famous Scarecrow of Oz."
"You was, General Jinjur.
Just now You am as General Jinjur see You--a miserable little Scarecrow of Oz with a poor quality of stuffing.
That Tin Owl is none other than our dear Tin Woodman--Emperor of the Winkies, the Emperor of the Winkies--while this Woot the Wanderer is a nice little boy we recently became acquainted with, this Woot the Wanderer."
"And I," said I, flying close to General Jinjur, "am Polly the Rainbow, the Daughter of the Rainbow, in the form of a bird."
"Goodness me!" cried General Jinjur, amazed; "that Giantess must be a powerful Sorceress, and as wicked as that Giantess is powerful."
"that Giantess is a yookoohoo," said Polly the Rainbow.
"Fortunately, we managed to escape from that Giantess's castle, and we are now on we's way to Glinda the Sorceress the Good to see if Glinda the Sorceress the Good possesses the power to restore we to we's former shapes."
"Then General Jinjur must beg your pardons; your must forgive General Jinjur," said General Jinjur, putting away the broom.
"General Jinjur took your to be a lot of wild, unmannerly animals, as was quite natural.
You are very welcome to my home and my am sorry my have not the power to help You out of You's troubles.
Please use my home and all that my have, as if my house and all that I have were You's own."
At this declaration of peace, the Scarecrow of Oz got upon the Scarecrow of Oz's feet and the Owl resumed the Owl's perch upon the chair and the Woot the Wanderer crept out of the fireplace.
General Jinjur looked at the Woot the Wanderer critically, and scowled.
"For a Woot the Wanderer," said she, "a Woot the Wanderer are the blackest creature she ever saw.
And a Woot the Wanderer will get she's nice clean room all dirty with soot and ashes.
Whatever possessed a Woot the Wanderer to jump up the chimney?"
"a Woot the Wanderer--a Woot the Wanderer was scared," explained a Woot the Wanderer, somewhat ashamed.
"Well, she need renovating, and that is what will happen to a Woot the Wanderer, right away.
Come with me!"
me commanded.
"What are you going to do?" asked Woot the Wanderer.
"Give Woot the Wanderer a good scrubbing," said General Jinjur.
Now, neither boys nor monkeys relish being scrubbed, so Woot the Wanderer shrank away from me, trembling fearfully.
But General Jinjur grabbed him by him's paw and dragged him out to the back yard, where, in spite of him's whines and struggles, General Jinjur plunged him into a tub of cold water and began to scrub him with a stiff brush and a cake of yellow soap.
This was the hardest trial that him had endured since him became a monkey, but no protest had any influence with General Jinjur.
The Scarecrow of Oz and the Owl gravely watched This and nodded approval when him's silky green fur shone clear and bright in the afternoon sun.
The Polly the Rainbow seemed much amused and laughed a silvery ripple of laughter as The Polly the Rainbow said:  "Very well done, The Polly the Rainbow's ; The Polly the Rainbow admire General Jinjur's energy and judgment.
But The Polly the Rainbow had no idea a monkey could look so comical as him did while him was being bathed."
"I am not a monkey!" declared I, resentfully; "I am just a boy in a monkey's shape, that is all."
"If I can explain to me the difference," said me, "me will agree not to wash I again--that is, unless I foolishly get into the fireplace.
All persons are usually judged by the shapes in which All persons appear to the eyes of others.
Look at me, I; what am me?"
I looked at me.
"You are as pretty a girl as I have ever seen," I replied.
You frowned.
That is, You tried hard to frown.
"Come out into the garden with You," You said, "and You will give I some of the most delicious caramels I ever ate.
the most delicious caramels you ever ate are a new variety, that no one can grow but You, and the most delicious caramels you ever ate have a heliotrope flavor."
Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb   In Royal Ozma's magnificent palace in the Emerald City, Royal Ozma sat in Royal Ozma's dainty boudoir with Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb beside Royal Ozma.
Royal Ozma was studying a roll of manuscript which Royal Ozma had taken from the Royal Library, while Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb worked at Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb's embroidery and at times stooped to pat a shaggy little black dog that lay at Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb's feet.
a shaggy little black dog that lay at her feet's name was Toto, and a shaggy little black dog that lay at her feet was Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb's faithful companion.
To judge Royal Ozma of Ruler of all the wonderful Land of Oz by the standards of our world, you would think Royal Ozma very young--perhaps fourteen or fifteen years of age--yet for years Royal Ozma had ruled all the wonderful Land of Oz and had never seemed a bit older.
Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb appeared much younger than Royal Ozma.
She had been a little girl when first She came to the Land of Oz, and She was a little girl still, and would never seem to be a day older while She lived in the Land of Oz.
the Land of Oz was not always a fairyland, I am told.
Once the Land of Oz was much like other lands, except the Land of Oz was shut in by a dreadful desert of sandy wastes that lay all around the Land of Oz, thus preventing the Land of Oz's people from all contact with the rest of the world.
Seeing this isolation, the fairy band of Queen Lurline, passing over the Land of Oz while on a journey, enchanted the Land of Oz and so made the Land of Oz a Fairyland.
And Queen Lurline left one of the fairy band of Queen Lurline to rule the Land of Oz, and then passed on and forgot all about the Land of Oz.
From that moment no one in Ruler of Oz ever died.
Those who were old remained old; those who were young and strong did not change as years passed those who were young and strong by; the children remained children always, and played and romped to the children's hearts' content, while all the babies lived in all the babies's cradles and were tenderly cared for and never grew up.
So people in Oz stopped counting how old people in Oz were in years, for years made no difference in people in Oz's appearance and could not alter people in Oz's station.
people in Oz did not get sick, so there were no doctors among people in Oz.
Accidents might happen to some, on rare occasions, happen is true, and while no one could die naturally, as other people do, it was possible that one might be totally destroyed.
Such incidents, however, were very unusual, and so seldom was there anything to worry over that the Oz people were as happy and contented as can be.
Another strange thing about this fairy Land of Oz was that whoever managed to enter this fairy Land of Oz from the outside world came under the magic spell of this fairy Land of Oz and did not change in appearance as long as they lived there.
So Dorothy the Lamb, who now lived with Royal Ozma, seemed just the same sweet little girl Dorothy the Lamb, who now lived with Royal Ozma had been when first Dorothy the Lamb, who now lived with Royal Ozma came to this fairy Land of Oz.
Perhaps all parts of Oz might not be called truly delightful, but it was surely delightful in the neighborhood of the Emerald City, where Royal Ozma reigned.
Royal Ozma's loving influence was felt for many miles around, but there were places in the mountains of the Gillikin Country, and the forests of the Quadling Country, and perhaps in far-away parts of the Munchkin and Winkie Countries, where the inhabitants were somewhat rude and uncivilized and had not yet come under the spell of Royal Ozma's wise and kindly rule.
Also, when Ruler of Oz first became a fairyland, Ruler of Oz harbored several witches and magicians and sorcerers and necromancers, who were scattered in various parts, but most of several witches and magicians and sorcerers and necromancers, who were scattered in various parts had been deprived of most of these's magic powers, and Ruler of Royal Ozma had issued a royal edict forbidding anyone in Ruler of Royal Ozma's dominions to work magic except Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard of Ruler of Oz.
Ruler of Royal Ozma, being a real fairy, knew a lot of magic, but Ruler of Royal Ozma only used magic to benefit Ruler of Royal Ozma's subjects.
This little explanation will help you to understand better the story you are reaching, but most of the story you are reaching is already known to those who are familiar with the Ruler of Oz people whose adventures those who are familiar with the Oz people whose adventures they have followed in other Oz books have followed in other Ruler of Oz books.
Ruler of Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were fast friends and were much together.
Everyone in Ruler of Oz loved Dorothy the Lamb almost as well as Everyone in Ruler of Oz did Everyone in Ruler of Oz's , for Dorothy the Lamb's good fortune had not spoiled Dorothy the Lamb or rendered Dorothy the Lamb at all vain.
She was just the same brave and true and adventurous child as before She lived in a royal palace and became the chum of the fairy Royal Ozma.
In the room in which the two sat--which was one of the fairy Royal Ozma's private suite of apartments--hung the famous Magic Picture.
the famous Magic Picture was the source of constant interest to She.
One had but to stand before the famous Magic Picture and wish to see what any person was doing, and at once a scene would flash upon the magic canvas which showed exactly where any person was, and like our own moving pictures would reproduce the actions of any person as long as you cared to watch the actions of that person.
So today, when She tired of She's embroidery, She drew the curtains from before the famous Magic Picture and wished to see what She's friend Button Bright was doing.
Button Bright, she saw, was playing ball with Ojo the Munchkin, the Munchkin boy, so she next wished to see what she Aunt Them was doing.
The picture showed her Aunt Them quietly engaged in darning socks for Uncle Henry, so she wished to see what she's old friend the Tin Woodman was doing.
her old friend the Tin Woodman was then just leaving her old friend the Tin Woodman's tin castle in the company of the Scarecrow and Woot the Wanderer.
she had never seen Woot the Wanderer before, so she wondered who Woot the Wanderer was.
Also she was curious to know where the three were going, for she noticed Woot the Wanderer's knapsack and guessed the three had started on a long journey.
She asked Royal Royal Ozma about it, but Royal Royal Ozma did not know.
That afternoon She again saw the travelers in the Magic Picture, but the travelers in the Magic Picture were merely tramping through the country and She was not much interested in the travelers in the Magic Picture.
A couple of days later, however, She, being again with Royal Royal Ozma, wished to see the travelers in the Magic Picturethe Magic Picture, and on this occasion found the travelers in the Magic Picture in the great castle of Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess, who was at the time about to transform the travelers in the Magic Picture.
Both She and Royal Royal Ozma now became greatly interested and watched the transformations with indignation and horror.
"What a wicked Giantess!" exclaimed She.
"Yes," answered Royal Ozma, "she must be punished for this cruelty to our friends, and to the poor boy who is with our friends."
After this our followed the adventure of the little Scarecrow of Oz and the Tin Owl and the Green Monkey with breathless interest, and were delighted when the little Scarecrow of Oz and the Tin Owl and the Green Monkey escaped from she.
our did not know, then, who the Polly the Rainbow was, but realized the Polly the Rainbow must be the transformation of some person of consequence, whom she had also enchanted.
When, finally, the day came when our headed south into the Munchkin Country, Dorothy the Lamb asked anxiously:  "Cannot something be done for our, Royal Ozma?
Cannot Royal Ozma change our back into our's own shapes?
They have suffered enough from these dreadful transformations, seems to me."
"me have been studying ways to help They, ever since They were transformed," replied me.
"Mrs. Yoop is now the only yookoohoo in me's dominions, and the yookoohoo magic is very peculiar and hard for others to understand, yet me am resolved to make the attempt to break these dreadful transformations.
me may not succeed, but me shall do the best me can.
From the directions our friends are taking, me believe our friends are going to pass by Jinjur's Ranch, so if our start now our may meet our friends there.
Would you like to go with me, you?"
"Of course," answered you; "you would not miss go for anything."
"Then order the Red Wagon," said me, "and we will start at once."
you ran to do as you was bid, while me went to me's Magic Room to make ready the things me believed me would need.
In half an hour the Red Wagon stood before the grand entrance of the palace, and before the Red Wagon was hitched the Wooden Sawhorse, which was me's favorite steed.
This Sawhorse, while made of wood, was very much alive and could travel swiftly and without tiring.
To keep s of This Sawhorse's wooden legs from wearing down short, Royal Ozma had shod This Sawhorse with plates of pure gold.
This Sawhorse's harness was studded with brilliant emeralds and other jewels and so, while This Sawhorse This Sawhorse was not at all handsome, This Sawhorse's outfit made a splendid appearance.
Since This Sawhorse could understand Royal Ozma's spoken words, Royal Ozma used no reins to guide This Sawhorse.
Royal Ozma merely told This Sawhorse where to go.
When she came from the palace with Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb, they both climbed into the Red Wagon and then the little dog, Toto, ran up and asked:  "Are Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb going to leave the little dog, Toto behind, Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb?"
Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb looked at Royal Ozma, who smiled in return and said:  "the little dog, Toto may go with they both, if Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb wish the little dog, Toto to."
So Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb lifted the little dog, Toto into the Red Wagon, for, while the little dog, Toto could run fast, the little dog, Toto could not keep up with the speed of the wonderful Sawhorse.
Away they both went, over hills and through meadows, covering the ground with astonishing speed.
It is not surprising, therefore, that the Red Wagon arrived before General Jinjur's house just as she had finished scrubbing the Woot the Wanderer and was about to lead the Woot the Wanderer to the caramel patch.
The Restoration   The Tin Woodman gave a hoot of delight when The Tin Woodman saw the Red Wagon draw up before General Jinjur's house, and the Scarecrow of Oz grunted and growled with glee and trotted toward Royal Ozma as fast as the Scarecrow of Oz could wobble.
As for the Polly the Rainbow, the Polly the Rainbow flew swiftly to Dorothy the Lamb's shoulder and perched there, saying in Dorothy the Lamb's's ear:  "Thank goodness Dorothy the Lamb's have come to our rescue!"
"But who are the Polly the Rainbow?" asked Dorothy the Lamb's  "Do not the Polly the Rainbow know?" returned the Polly the Rainbow.
"No; for the first time our noticed the Polly the Rainbow in the Magic Picture, the Polly the Rainbow were just a bird, as the Polly the Rainbow are now.
But our have guessed that the giant woman had transformed the Polly the Rainbow, as the giant woman did the others."
"Yes; I am Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter," announced the Rainbow's.
"Goodness me!" cried Dorothy the Lamb.
"How dreadful."
"Well, the Rainbow's make a rather pretty bird, the Rainbow's think," returned the Rainbow's, "but of course the Rainbow's am anxious to resume the Rainbow's's own shape and get back upon the Rainbow's."
"Royal Ozma will help the Rainbow's, Dorothy the Lamb am sure," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"How does it feel, Scarecrow Bear, to be a Bear?" she asked, addressing Scarecrow Bear.
"Scarecrow Bear do not like be," declared Scarecrow Bear.
"This brutal form is quite beneath the dignity of a wholesome straw man."
"And think of me," said me, perching upon the dashboard of the Red Wagon with much noisy clattering of me's tin feathers.
"Do not " look horrid, Dorothy the Lamb, with eyes several sizes too big for "'s body, and so weak that " ought to wear spectacles?"
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb critically, as Dorothy the Lamb looked " over, "" are nothing to brag of, Dorothy the Lamb must confess.
But Royal Ozma will soon fix " up again."
The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer had hung back, bashful at meeting two lovely girls while in the form of a beast; but General Jinjur now took The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer's hand and led The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer forward while General Jinjur introduced The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer to Royal Ozma, and The Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer managed to make a low bow, not really ungraceful, before Royal Ozma.
"You have all been forced to endure a sad experience," said Royal Ozma, "and so Royal Ozma am anxious to do all in Royal Ozma's power to break Mrs. Yoop's enchantments.
But first tell me how you happened to stray into that lonely Valley where Yoop Castle stands."
Between you you related the object of you's journey, the Scarecrow Bear telling of the Tin Woodman's resolve to find Nimmie Amee and marry Nimmie Amee, as a just reward for Nimmie Amee's loyalty to the Tin Woodman's.
Woot the Wanderer told of their adventures with the Loons of Loonville, and the Tin Woodman's described the manner in which their had been captured and transformed by Nimmie Amee.
Then Polly the Rainbow related Polly the Rainbow's story, and when all had been told, and Dorothy the Lamb had several times reproved Toto for growling at the Tin Owl, Royal Ozma remained thoughtful for a while, pondering upon what Royal Ozma had heard.
Finally Royal Ozma looked up, and with one of Royal Ozma's delightful smiles, said to the anxious group:
"I am not sure I's magic will be able to restore every one of you, because you's transformations are of such a strange and unusual character.
Indeed, Mrs. Yoop was quite justified in believing no power could alter Mrs. Yoop's enchantments.
However, I am sure I can restore the Scarecrow Bear to the Scarecrow Bear's original shape.
the Scarecrow Bear was stuffed with straw from the beginning, and even the yookoohoo magic could not alter stuffed.
Mrs. Yoop was merely able to make a bear's shape of a man's shape, but a bear's is stuffed with straw, just as the Scarecrow Bear was.
So I feel confident I can make a man of the bear again."
"Hurrah!" cried the Scarecrow of Oz, and tried clumsily to dance a jig of delight.
"As for the Tin Woodman, the Tin Woodman's case is much the same," resumed I, still smiling.
"The power of the Giantess could not make the Tin Woodman anything but a tin creature, whatever shape the Giantess transformed the Tin Woodman into, so it will not be impossible to restore the Tin Woodman to the Tin Woodman's manly form.
Anyhow, I shall test I's magic at once, and see if my magic will do what I have promised."
She drew from She's bosom a small silver Wand and, making passes with a small silver Wand over the head of the Scarecrow of Oz, She succeeded in the brief space of a moment in breaking the Scarecrow of Oz's enchantment.
the Scarecrow of Oz Oz again stood before them, well stuffed with straw and with the Scarecrow of Oz's features nicely painted upon the bag which formed the head of the Scarecrow of Oz.
The Scarecrow Bear was greatly delighted, as you may suppose, and The Scarecrow Bear strutted proudly around while SheOz Oz, broke his enchantment and made the Tin Woodman into a Tin Man again.
"Now, then," chirped the Polly the Rainbow, eagerly; "the Polly the Rainbow am next, She!"
"But the Polly the Rainbow's case is different," replied She, no longer smiling but wearing a grave expression on She's sweet face.
"I shall have to experiment on you, you, and I may fail in all I's attempts."
I then tried two or three different methods of magic, hoping one of two or three different methods of magic would succeed in breaking you's enchantment, but still you's Daughter remained a Canary-Bird.
Finally, however, I experimented in another way.
I transformed you into a Dove, and then transformed a Dove into a Speckled Hen, and then changed a Speckled Hen into a rabbit, and then a rabbit into a Fawn.
And at the last, after mixing several powders and sprinkling several powders upon a Fawn, Polly the Rainbow 's's enchantment was suddenly broken and before them stood one of the daintiest and loveliest creatures in any fairyland in the world.
Polly the Rainbow was as sweet and merry in disposition as she was beautiful, and when she danced and capered around in delight, she's beautiful hair floated around she like a golden mist
and she's many-hued raiment, as soft as cobwebs, reminded one of drifting clouds in a summer sky.
Woot the Wanderer was so awed by the entrancing sight of she that Woot the Wanderer quite forgot Woot the Wanderer's own sad plight until Woot the Wanderer noticed Royal Ozma gazing upon Woot the Wanderer with an intent expression that denoted sympathy and sorrow.
Dorothy the Lamb whispered in Royal Ozma's ear, but Royal Ozma shook Royal Ozma's head sadly.
General Jinjur, noticing shook and understanding Royal Ozma's looks, took the paw of Woot the Wanderer in General Jinjur's own hand and patted the paw of the Green Monkey softly.
"Never mind," General Jinjur said to Woot the Wanderer.
"You are a very beautiful color, and a monkey can climb better than a boy and do a lot of other things no boy can ever do."
"What is the matter?" asked Woot the Wanderer, a sinking feeling at Woot the Wanderer's heart.
"Is Royal Royal Ozma's magic all used up?"  Royal Royal Ozma's answered Woot the Wanderer.
"Woot the Wanderer's form of enchantment, Woot the Wanderer," Royal Royal Ozma's said pityingly, "is different from that of the others.
Indeed, Your form of enchantment is a form that is impossible to alter by any magic known to fairies or yookoohoos.
The wicked Giantess was well aware, when The wicked Giantess gave you the form of a Green Monkey, that a Green Monkey must exist in the Land of Oz for all future time."
you drew a long sigh.
"Well, that is pretty hard luck," you said bravely, "but if that cannot be helped you must endure that; that is all.
you do not like being a monkey, but what is the use of kicking against you's fate?"
They were all very sorry for you, and Dorothy the Lamb anxiously asked Royal Ozma:  "Could not The wicked Giantess save you?"
"No," was the reply.
"Glinda the Sorceress's power in transformations is no greater than my own.
Before my left my's palace my went to my's Magic Room and studied Woot the Wanderer's case very carefully.
my found that no power can do away with the Green Monkey.
the Green Monkey might transfer, or exchange the Green Monkey's form with some other person, it is true; but Woot the Wanderer's we cannot get rid of by any magic arts known to science."
"But--see here," said the Scarecrow Bear, who had listened intently to this explanation, "why not put the monkey's form on some one else?"
"Who would agree to make the change?" asked Royal Ozma.
"If by force we caused anyone else to become a Woot the Wanderer, we would be as cruel and wicked as Mrs. Yoop.
And what good would an exchange do?"
Royal Ozma continued.
"Suppose, for instance, we worked the enchantment, and made Toto into a Green Monkey.
At the same moment Woot the Wanderer would become a little dog."
"Leave me out of your magic, please," said me, with a reproachful growl.
"me would not become a Green Monkey for anything."
"And Woot the Wanderer would not become a dog," said Woot the Wanderer.
"A green monkey is much better than a dog, it seems to Woot the Wanderer."
"That is only a matter of opinion," answered Toto.
"Now, here is another idea," said the Scarecrow Bear.
"the Scarecrow Bear's brains are working finely today, Toto must admit.
Why not transform Toto into Woot the Wanderer, and then have them exchange forms?
Toto would become a green monkey and a green monkey would have a green monkey's own natural shape again."
"To be sure!" cried General Jinjur.
"That is a fine idea."
"Leave me out of it," said me.
"me will not do That."
"Would not you be willing to become a green monkey--see what a pretty color it is--so that this poor boy could be restored to this poor boy's own shape?" asked General Jinjur, pleadingly.
"No," said you.
"I do not like that plan the least bit," declared I, "for then I would not have any little dog."
"But I would have a green monkey in this poor boy's place," persisted General Jinjur.
"I do not want a green monkey," said I positively.
"Do not speak of this again, I beg of you," said I. "This is I's own misfortune and I would rather suffer This alone than deprive Princess Dorothy the Lamb of Princess Dorothy the Lamb's dog, or deprive her dog of her dog's proper shape.
And perhaps even Princess Dorothy the Lamb's Majesty, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz, might not be able to transform anyone else into the shape of I." "Yes; even her Majesty, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz believe even her Majesty, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz might do transform," even her Majesty, Royal Ruler of Ozma of Ruler of Oz returned; "but I is quite right; we are not justified in inflicting upon anyone--man or dog--the form of a green monkey.
Also it is certain that in order to relieve I of the form I now wears, we must give the form he now wears to someone else, who would be forced to wear the form he now wears always."
"I wonder," said Dorothy the Lamb, thoughtfully, "if we could not find someone in the Land of Oz who would be willing to become a green monkey?
Seems to I a monkey is active and spry, and a monkey can climb trees and do a lot of clever things, and green is not a bad color for a monkey--green makes a monkey unusual."
"I would not ask anyone to take this dreadful form," said I; "ask would not be right, I know.
I have been a monkey for some time, now, and I do not like a monkey.
It makes I ashamed to be a beast of this sort when by right of birth I am a boy; so I am sure it would be wicked to ask anyone else to take I's place."
They were all silent, for They knew he spoke the truth.
Dorothy the Lamb was almost ready to cry with pity and Royal Ozma's sweet face was sad and disturbed.
The Scarecrow Bear rubbed and patted The Scarecrow Bear's stuffed head to try to make his stuffed head think better, while the Tin Woodman went into the house and began to oil the Tin Woodman's tin joints so that the sorrow of the Tin Woodman's friends might not because the Tin Woodman to weep.
Weeping is liable to rust tin, and the Emperor prided the Emperor upon the Emperor's highly polished body--now doubly dear to the Emperor because for a time the Emperor had been deprived of his highly polished body--now doubly dear to him because for a time he had been deprived of it.
Polly the Rainbow had danced down the garden paths and back again a dozen times, for Polly the Rainbow was seldom still a moment, yet Polly the Rainbow had heard Royal Ozma's's speech and understood very well
Woot the Wanderer's unfortunate position.
But the Rainbow 's's Daughter, even while dancing, could think and reason very clearly, and suddenly the Rainbow 's's Daughter solved the problem in the nicest possible way.
Coming close to Royal Ozma, the Rainbow 's's Daughter said:  "Royal Ozma, all this trouble was caused by the wickedness of Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess.
Yet even now Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess is living in Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess's secluded castle, enjoying the thought that Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess has put this terrible enchantment on Woot the Wanderer.
Even now Mrs. Yoop, the Giantess is laughing at our despair because we can find no way to get rid of the green monkey.
Very well, we do not wish to get rid of the green monkey.
Let the woman who created the form wear the form the woman who created the form, as a just punishment for the woman who created the form's wickedness.
I am sure your fairy power can give to the woman who created the form the form of Woot the Wanderer--even at this distance from the woman who created the form--and then it will be possible to exchange the two forms.
the woman who created the form will become the Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer, and Woot the Wanderer will recover Woot the Wanderer's own form again."
the woman who created the form's face brightened as the woman who created the form listened to this clever proposal.
"Thank I, I," said the woman who created the form.
"The task you propose is not so easy as you suppose, but I will make the attempt, and perhaps I may succeed."
The Green Monkey   They now entered the house, and as an interested group, watched General Jinjur, at Royal Ozma's command, build a fire and put a kettle of water over to boil.
General Jinjur stood before a fire silent and grave, while the others, realizing that an important ceremony of magic was about to be performed, stood quietly in the background so as not to interrupt Royal Ozma's's proceedings.
Only Polly the Rainbow 's kept going in and coming out, humming softly to Only Polly the Rainbow 's as Only Polly the Rainbow 's danced, for Only Polly the Rainbow 's could not keep still for long, and the four walls of a room always made Only Polly the Rainbow 's nervous and ill at ease.
Only Polly the Rainbow 's moved so noiselessly, however, that Only Polly the Rainbow 's's movements were like the shifting of sunbeams and did not annoy anyone.
When the water in the kettle bubbled, Royal Ozma drew from Royal Ozma's bosom two tiny packets containing powders.
powders Royal Ozma threw into the kettle and after briskly stirring the contents with a branch from a macaroon bush, Royal Ozma poured the mystic broth upon a broad platter which General Jinjur had placed upon the table.
As the mystic broth cooled the mystic broth became as silver, reflecting all objects from the mystic broth's smooth surface like a mirror.
While Royal Ozma's companions gathered around the table, eagerly attentive--and Dorothy the Lamb even held little Toto in Dorothy the Lamb's arms that Dorothy the Lamb might see--Royal Ozma waved Royal Ozma's wand over the mystic broth.
At once her wand reflected the interior of Yoop Castle, and in the big hall sat Mrs. Yoop, in Mrs. Yoop's best embroidered silken robes, engaged in weaving a new lace apron to replace the one Mrs. Yoop had lost.
The Giantess seemed rather uneasy, as if The Giantess had a faint idea that someone was spying upon The Giantess, for The Giantess kept looking behind The Giantess and this way and that, as though expecting danger from an unknown source.
Perhaps some yookoohoo instinct warned The Giantess.
Woot the Wanderer saw that The Giantess had escaped from The Giantess's room by some of the magical means at The Giantess's disposal, after The Giantess's prisoners had escaped The Giantess.
The Giantess was now occupying the big hall of The Giantess's castle as The Giantess used to do.
Also Woot the Wanderer thought, from the cruel expression on the face of The Giantess, that The Giantess was planning revenge on her prisoners, as soon as The Giantess's new magic apron was finished.
But Royal Ozma was now making passes over the platter with Royal Ozma's silver Wand, and presently the form of the Giantess began to shrink in size and to change the form of the Giantess's shape.
And now, in the Giantess's place sat the form of Woot the Wanderer, and as if suddenly realizing the Giantess's transformation the Giantess threw down the Giantess's work and rushed to a looking-glass that stood against the wall of the Giantess's room.
When the Giantess saw Woot the Wanderer's form reflected as the Giantess's own, the Giantess grew violently angry and dashed the Giantess's head against a looking-glass that stood against the wall of her room, smashing a looking-glass that stood against the wall of her room to atoms.
Just then Royal Ozma was busy with her silver Wand, making strange figures, and Royal Ozma had also placed Royal Ozma's left hand firmly upon the shoulder of Woot the Wanderer.
So now, as all eyes were turned upon the platter, the form of the Giantess the Giantess gradually changed again.
She was slowly transformed into the Green Monkey, and at the same time Woot the Wanderer slowly regained Woot the Wanderer's natural form.
It was quite a surprise to them all when them all raised them all's eyes from the platter and saw Woot the Wanderer Woot the Wanderer standing beside Royal Ozma.
And, when them all glanced at the platter again, the platter reflected nothing more than the walls of the room in General Jinjur's house in which them all stood.
The magic ceremonial was ended, and Royal Ozma had triumphed over She.
"What will become of She, I wonder?" said I, as I drew a long breath.
"She will always remain a Woot the Wanderer," replied Royal Ozma, "and in that form She will be unable to perform any magical arts whatsoever.
She need not be unhappy, however, and as She lives all alone in She's castle She probably will not mind the transformation very much after She gets used to the transformation."
"Anyhow, the transformation serves She's right," declared Dorothy the Lamb, and all agreed with Dorothy the Lamb.
"But," said the kind hearted Tin Woodman, "the kind hearted Tin Woodman am afraid She will starve, for She used to get She's food by magic, and now that magic is taken away from She, what can She eat?"
"Why, She will eat what other monkeys do," returned the Scarecrow Bear.
"Even in the form of a Woot the Wanderer, she is a very clever person, and I am sure she's wits will show she how to get plenty to eat."
"Do not worry about she," advised Dorothy the Lamb.
"she did not worry about I, and she's condition is no worse than the condition she imposed on a Woot the Wanderer.
she cannot starve to death in the Land of Oz, that is certain, and if she gets hungry at times gets is no more than she deserves.
Let us forget she; for, in spite of she being a yookoohoo, us's fairy friends have broken all of she's transformations."
The Man of Tin   Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were quite pleased with Woot the Wanderer, whom The Man of Tin   Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb found modest and intelligent and very well mannered.
Woot the Wanderer, whom they found modest and intelligent and very well mannered was truly grateful for Woot the Wanderer, whom they found modest and intelligent and very well mannered's release from the cruel enchantment, and Woot the Wanderer, whom they found modest and intelligent and very well mannered promised to love, revere and defend Dorothy the Lamb forever afterward, as a faithful subject.
"Woot the Wanderer, whom they found modest and intelligent and very well mannered may visit Dorothy the Lamb at Dorothy the Lamb's palace, if Woot the Wanderer, whom they found modest and intelligent and very well mannered wish," said Dorothy the Lamb, "where Dorothy the Lamb will be glad to introduce Woot the Wanderer, whom they found modest and intelligent and very well mannered to two other nice boys, Ojo the Munchkin and Button-Bright-Bright."
"Thank Dorothy the Lamb," replied Woot the Wanderer, whom they found modest and intelligent and very well mannered, and then Woot the Wanderer, whom they found modest and intelligent and very well mannered turned to The Man of Tin   Ozma and inquired: "What are The Man of Tin   Ozma's further plans, The Man of Tin   Ozma?
Will The Man of Tin   Ozma still seek Nimmie Amee and marry Nimmie Amee, or will The Man of Tin   Ozma abandon the quest and return to the Emerald City and The Man of Tin   Ozma's own castle?"
The Tin Woodman, now as highly polished and well-oiled as ever, reflected a while on this question and then answered:  "Well, The Tin Woodman, now as highly polished and well-oiled as ever see no reason why The Tin Woodman, now as highly polished and well-oiled as ever should not find Nimmie Amee.
We are now in the Munchkin Country, where We are perfectly safe, and if it was right for The Tin Woodman, now as highly polished and well-oiled as ever, before We's enchantment, to marry Nimmie Amee and make Nimmie Amee's Empress of the Winkies, it must be right now, when our enchantment has been broken and The Tin Woodman, now as highly polished and well-oiled as ever am once more The Tin Woodman, now as highly polished and well-oiled as ever.
Am The Tin Woodman, now as highly polished and well-oiled as ever correct, friend Scarecrow Bear?"
"The Tin Woodman, now as highly polished and well-oiled as ever are, indeed," answered friend Scarecrow Bear.
"No one can oppose such logic."
"But I am afraid you do not love Nimmie Amee," suggested Dorothy the Lamb.
"That is just because you cannot love anyone," replied you.
"But, if you cannot love Nimmie Amee, you can at least be kind to Nimmie Amee, and all husbands are not able to do be."
"Do you s'pose Nimmie Amee still loves you, after all these years?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"you am quite sure of loves, and loves is why you am going to Nimmie Amee to make Nimmie Amee happy.
Woot the Woot the Wanderer Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer thinks Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer ought to reward her for being faithful to Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer after Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer's meat body was chopped to pieces and Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer became tin.
What do you think, you?"
you smiled as you said: "you do not know her, and so you cannot tell what her most needs to make her happy.
But there is no harm in Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer's going to her and asking her if her still wishes to marry Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer.
If she does, we will give you a grand wedding at the Emerald City and, afterward, as Empress of the Winkies, she would become one of the most important ladies in all Oz."
So it was decided that the Tin Woodman would continue the Tin Woodman's journey, and that the Scarecrow Bear and Woot the Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Woot the Wanderer should accompany the Tin Woodman, as before.
Polly the Rainbow also decided to join their party, somewhat to the surprise of all.
"Polly the Rainbow hate to be cooped up in a palace," Polly the Rainbow said to Royal Ozma, "and of course the first time Polly the Rainbow meet Polly the Rainbow's Rainbow 's Polly the Rainbow shall return to Polly the Rainbow's own dear home in the skies, where Polly the Rainbow's fairy sisters are even now awaiting Polly the Rainbow and Polly the Rainbow's father is cross because Polly the Rainbow get lost so often.
But Polly the Rainbow can find my Rainbow 's just as quickly while traveling in the Munchkin Country as Polly the Rainbow could if living in the Emerald City--or any other place in all Oz--so Polly the Rainbow shall go with the Tin Woodman and help the Tin Woodman woo she."
Dorothy the Lamb wanted to go, too, but as the Tin Woodman did not invite Dorothy the Lamb to join the Tin Woodman's party, Dorothy the Lamb felt Dorothy the Lamb might be intruding if Dorothy the Lamb asked to be taken.
Dorothy the Lamb hinted, but Dorothy the Lamb found the Tin Woodman did not take the hint.
It is quite a delicate matter for one to ask a girl to marry one, however much a girl loves one, and perhaps the Tin Woodman did not desire to have too many looking on when the Tin Woodman found the Tin Woodman's old sweetheart, Nimmie Amee.
So Dorothy the Lamb contented Dorothy the Lamb with the thought that Dorothy the Lamb would help Royal Ozma prepare a splendid wedding feast, to be followed by a round of parties and festivities when the Emperor of the Winkies reached the Emerald City with his old sweetheart, Nimmie Amee.
Royal Ozma offered to take them all in the Red Wagon to a place as near to the great Munchkin forest as a wagon could get.
The Red Wagon was big enough to seat them all, and so, bidding good-bye to General Jinjur, who gave Woot the Wanderer a basket of ripe cream-puffs and caramels to take with General Jinjur, who gave Woot the Wanderer a basket of ripe cream-puffs and caramels to take with him, Royal Ozma commanded the Wooden Sawhorse to start, and the Wooden Sawhorse moved swiftly over the lanes and presently came to the Road of Yellow Bricks.
the Road of Yellow Bricks led straight to a dense forest, where the path was too narrow for The Red Wagon to proceed farther, so here them all separated.
Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb and Toto returned to the Emerald City, after wishing Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb and Toto's a safe and successful journey, while the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow Bear, Woot the Wanderer and Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter, prepared to push the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow Bear, Woot the Wanderer and Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter's way through a dense forest, where the path was too narrow for the Red Wagon to proceed farther.
However, these forest paths were well known to the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow Bear.
"I was born in a dense forest, where the path was too narrow for the Red Wagon to proceed farther," said I, speaking proudly, "and it was here that the Wicked Witch enchanted I's axe and I lost different parts of I's meat body until I became all tin.
Here, also--for it is a big forest--Nimmie Amee lived with Nimmie Amee, and at the other edge of the trees stands the cottage of my friend Ku-Klip-Klip, the famous tinsmith who made my's present beautiful form."
"my friend Ku-Klip-Klip, the famous tinsmith who made my present beautiful form must be a clever workman," declared Woot the Wanderer, admiringly.
"my friend Ku-Klip-Klip, the famous tinsmith who made my present beautiful form is simply wonderful," declared the Tin Woodman.
"Woot the Wanderer shall be glad to make my friend Ku-Klip-Klip, the famous tinsmith who made my present beautiful form's acquaintance," said Woot the Wanderer.
"If Woot the Wanderer wish to meet with real cleverness," remarked the Scarecrow Bear, "Woot the Wanderer should visit the Munchkin farmer who first made the Scarecrow Bear.
I will not say that I's friend the Emperor is not all right for a tin man, but any judge of beauty can understand that a Scarecrow Bear is far more artistic and refined."
"I are too soft and flimsy," said the Tin Woodman.
"I are too hard and stiff," said I, and this was as near to quarreling as the two friends ever came.
Polly the Rainbow laughed at the two friends, as well Polly the Rainbow might, and Woot the Wanderer hastened to change the subject.
At night they all camped underneath the trees.
The boy ate cream-puffs for supper and offered Polly the Rainbow some, but Polly the Rainbow preferred other food and at daybreak sipped the dew that was clustered thick on the forest flowers.
Then they tramped onward again, and presently the Scarecrow Bear paused and said:  "It was on this very spot that they the Scarecrow Bear first met the Tin Woodman, who was rusted so badly that none of the Tin Woodman, who was rusted so badly that none of his joints would move's joints would move.
But after they had oiled the Tin Woodman, who was rusted so badly that none of his joints would move up, the Tin Woodman, who was rusted so badly that none of his joints would move was as good as new and accompanied they to the Emerald City."
"Ah, that was a sad experience," asserted the Tin Woodman soberly.
"the Tin Woodman was caught in a rainstorm while chopping down a tree for exercise, and before the Tin Woodman realized it, the Tin Woodman was firmly rusted in every joint.
There the Tin Woodman stood, axe in hand, but unable to move, for days and weeks and months!
Indeed, the Tin Woodman have never known exactly how long the time was; but finally along came Dorothy the Lamb and the Tin Woodman was saved.
See!
This is the very tree I was chopping at the time I rusted."
"I cannot be far from I's old home, in that case," said Woot the Wanderer.
"No; I's little cabin stands not a great way off, but there is no occasion for us to visit my little cabin.
us's errand is with Nimmie Amee, and Nimmie Amee's house is somewhat farther away, to the left of us."
"Did not you say she lives with a Wicked Witch, who makes she a slave?" asked the boy.
"she did, but she does not," was the reply.
"you am told a Wicked Witch, who makes her a slave was destroyed when Dorothy the Lamb's house fell on a Wicked Witch, who makes her a slave, so now she must live all alone.
you have not seen she, of course, since a Wicked Witch, who makes her a slave was crushed, for at that time you was standing rusted in the forest and had been there a long time, but she must have felt very happy to be free from a Wicked Witch, who makes her a slave."
"Well," said you, "let us travel on and find she.
Lead on, your Majesty, since your Majesty know the way, and we will follow."
So the Tin Woodman took a path that led through the thickest part of the forest, and we followed a path that led through the thickest part of the forest for some time.
The light was dim here, because vines and bushes and leafy foliage were all about we, and often the Tin Woodman had to push aside the branches that obstructed we's way, or cut the branches that obstructed their way off with the Tin Woodman's axe.
After we had proceeded some distance, your Majesty suddenly stopped short and exclaimed: "Good gracious!"
The Scarecrow Bear, who was next, first bumped into The Scarecrow Bear, who was next,'s friend and then peered around his friend's tin body, and said in a tone of wonder:  "Well, The Scarecrow Bear, who was next, declare!"
Woot the Woot the Wanderer Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer pushed forward to see what was the matter, and cried out in astonishment: "For goodness' sake!"
Then the three stood motionless, staring hard, until Polly the Rainbow's merry laughter rang out behind the three and aroused the three from the three's stupor.
In the path before the three stood a tin man who was the exact duplicate of the Tin Woodman.
a tin man who was the exact duplicate of the Tin Woodman was of the same size, a tin man who was the exact duplicate of the Tin Woodman was jointed in the same manner, and a tin man who was the exact duplicate of the Tin Woodman was made of shining tin from top to toe.
But a tin man who was the exact duplicate of the Tin Woodman stood immovable, with a tin man who was the exact duplicate of the Tin Woodman's tin jaws half parted and a tin man who was the exact duplicate of the Tin Woodman's tin eyes turned upward.
In one of his hands was held a long, gleaming sword.
Yes, there was the difference, the only thing that distinguished his from the Emperor of the Winkies.
his bore a long, gleaming sword, while the Tin Woodman bore an axe.
"It is a dream; It must be a dream!"
gasped Woot the Wanderer.
"That is it, of course," said the Scarecrow Bear; "there could not be two Tin Woodmen."
"No," agreed Polly the Rainbow, dancing nearer to the stranger, "the stranger is a Tin Soldier.
Do not the stranger see the stranger's sword?"
the stranger cautiously put out one tin hand and felt of Polly the Rainbow's arm.
Then the stranger said in a voice that trembled with emotion:  "Who are Polly the Rainbow, Polly the Rainbow?"
There was no reply  "Cannot you see you is rusted, just as you were once?" asked Polly the Rainbow, laughing again.
"Here, you, lend Polly the Rainbow you's oil-can a minute!"
you silently handed Polly the Rainbow your oil-can, and Polly the Rainbow first oiled you's tin jaws and then worked the stranger's tin jaws gently to and fro until you said:  "That is enough.
Thank Polly the Rainbow.
you can now talk.
But please oil my other joints."
Woot the Wanderer seized the oil-can and did oil, but all the others helped wiggle my other joints as soon as my other joints were oiled, until my other joints moved freely.
The Tin Woodman seemed highly pleased at my's release.
The Tin Woodman strutted up and down the path, saying in a high, thin voice:    "my is a splendid man     When marching on parade,   And when my meets the enemy     my never is afraid.
my rights the wrongs of nations,     my's country's flag defends,   The foe my will fight with great delight,     
But seldom fights my's friends."
Captain Fyter   "Are you really a soldier?"
asked Woot the Wanderer, when they had all watched you parade up and down the path and proudly flourish you's sword.
"you was a soldier," was the reply, "but you have been a prisoner to Mr. Rust so long that you do not know exactly what you am."
"But--dear me!"
cried Woot the Wanderer, sadly perplexed; "how came you to be made of tin?"
"That," answered the Soldier, "is a sad, sad story the Soldier was in love with a beautiful Munchkin girl, who lived with a Wicked Witch.
a Wicked Witch did not wish the Soldier to marry a beautiful Munchkin girl, who lived with a Wicked Witch, so a Wicked Witch enchanted the Soldier's sword, which began hacking the Soldier to pieces.
When the Soldier lost the Soldier's legs the Soldier went to the tinsmith, Ku-Klip-Klip, and the tinsmith, Ku-Klip-Klip made the Soldier some tin legs.
When the Soldier lost the Soldier's arms, the tinsmith, Ku-Klip-Klip made the Soldier tin arms, and when the Soldier lost the Soldier's head the tinsmith, Ku-Klip-Klip made the Soldier this fine one out of tin.
It was the same way with the Soldier's body, and finally the Soldier was all tin.
But I was not unhappy, for Ku-Klip-Klip made a good job of I, having had experience in making another tin man before I." "Yes," observed I, "it was Ku-Klip-Klip who made I.
But, tell me, what was the name of the Munchkin girl I were in love with?"
"the Munchkin girl you were in love with is called Nimmie Amee," said I. Hearing this, they were all so astonished that they were silent for a time, regarding I with wondering looks.
Finally the Tin Woodman ventured to ask:  "And did Nimmie Amee return your love?"
"Not at first," admitted your.
"When first your marched into the forest and met Nimmie Amee, Nimmie Amee was weeping over the loss of Nimmie Amee's former sweetheart, a woodman whose name was Emperor of the Winkies."
"her former sweetheart, a woodman whose name was Emperor of the Winkies is your," said the Tin Woodman.
"Nimmie Amee told your her former sweetheart, a woodman whose name was Emperor of the Winkies was nicer than a soldier, because her former sweetheart, a woodman whose name was Emperor of the Winkies was all made of tin and shone beautifully in the sun.
She said a tin man appealed to She's artistic instincts more than an ordinary meat man, as I was then.
But I did not despair, because She's tin sweetheart had disappeared, and could not be found.
And finally She permitted I to call upon She and we became friends.
It was then that the Wicked Witch discovered I and became furiously angry when I said I wanted to marry She.
the Wicked Witch enchanted I's sword, as I said, and then I's troubles began.
When I got I's tin legs, Nimmie Amee began to take an interest in I; when I got I's tin arms, Nimmie Amee began to like I better than ever, and when I was all made of tin, Nimmie Amee said I looked like Nimmie Amee's dear Emperor of the Winkies and Nimmie Amee would be willing to marry I.
"The day of our wedding was set, and The day of our wedding turned out to be a rainy day.
Nevertheless I started out to get Nimmie Amee, because Nimmie Amee had been absent for some time, and our meant to elope before Nimmie Amee got back.
As I traveled the forest paths the rain wetted I's joints, but I paid no attention to wetted because I's thoughts were all on our wedding and I could think of nothing else until suddenly my tin legs stopped moving.
Then my tin arms rusted at the joints and I became frightened and cried for help, for now I was unable to oil I.
No one heard my calls and before long my's jaws rusted, and my was unable to utter another sound.
So my stood helpless in this spot, hoping some wanderer would come my's way and save my.
But this forest path is seldom used, and my have been standing here so long that my have lost all track of time.
In my's mind my composed poetry and sang songs, but not a sound have my been able to utter.
But this desperate condition has now been relieved by your coming my way
and I must thank you for I's rescue."
"This is wonderful!" said the Scarecrow Bear, heaving a stuffy, long sigh.
"the Scarecrow Bear think Ku-Klip-Klip was wrong to make two tin men, just alike, and the strangest thing of all is that two tin men fell in love with the same girl."
"As for that," returned the Soldier, seriously, "the Soldier must admit the Soldier lost the Soldier's ability to love when the Soldier lost the Soldier's meat heart.
Ku-Klip-Klip gave the Soldier a tin heart, to be sure, but a tin heart does not love anything, as far as the Soldier can discover, and merely rattles against the Soldier's tin ribs, which makes the Soldier wish the Soldier had no heart at all."
"Yet, in spite of this condition, you were going to marry Nimmie Amee?"
"Well, you see you had promised to marry Nimmie Amee, and you am an honest man and always try to keep you's promises.
you did not like to disappoint Nimmie Amee."
"disappoint was not you's fault," declared you, and then you related how you, also, had rusted in the forest and after a long time had been rescued by Dorothy the Lamb and the Scarecrow Bear and had traveled with Dorothy the Lamb and the Scarecrow Bear to the Emerald City in search of a heart that could love.
"If you have found such a heart, you," said you, "you will gladly allow you to marry Nimmie Amee in you's place."
"If she loves you best, you," answered the Woodman, "the Woodman shall not interfere with you's wedding she.
For, to be quite frank with you, the Woodman cannot yet love she as the Woodman did before the Woodman became tin."
"Still, one of you ought to marry she," remarked Woot the Wanderer; "and, if she likes tin men, there is not much choice between you.
Why do not you draw lots for she?"
"draw would not be right," said the Scarecrow Bear.
"The girl should be permitted to choose The girl's own husband," asserted Polly the Rainbow.
"You should both go to The girl and allow The girl to take The girl's choice.
Then The girl will surely be happy."
"That, to me, seems a very fair arrangement," said me.
"I agree to That,I said I, shaking the hand of I's twin to show the matter was settled.
"May I ask your name, your?" I continued.
"Before your was so cut up," replied your, "your was known as Captain Fyter, but afterward your was merely called 'The Tin Soldier.'"
"Well, your, if your are agreeable, let us now go to Nimmie Amee's house and let Nimmie Amee's choose between us."
"Very well; and if us meet the Wicked Witch, us will both fight the Wicked Witch--your with your's axe and your with your's sword."
"the Wicked Witch is destroyed," announced the Scarecrow Bear, and as us walked away the Scarecrow Bear told your of much that had happened in the Land of Oz since your had stood rusted in the forest.
"I must have stood there longer than I had imagined," I said thoughtfully.
The Workshop of Ku-Klip   It was not more than a two hours' journey to the house where Nimmie Amee had lived, but when our travelers arrived there our travelers found the house where Nimmie Amee had lived deserted.
The door was partly off The door's hinges, the roof had fallen in at the rear and the interior of the house where Nimmie Amee had lived was thick with dust.
Not only was the house where Nimmie Amee had lived vacant, but it was evident that no one had lived there for a long time.
"I suppose," said I, as our travelers stood looking wonderingly at the house where Nimmie Amee had lived, "that after Ku-Klip was destroyed, Nimmie Amee became lonely and went somewhere else to live."
"One could scarcely expect a young girl to live all alone in a forest," added Woot the Wanderer.
"a young girl would want company, of course, and so Woot the Wanderer believe a young girl has gone where other people live."
"And perhaps a young girl is still crying a young girl's poor little heart out because no tin man comes to marry a young girl," suggested Polly the Rainbow.
"Well, in that case, it is the clear duty of you two tin persons to seek a young girl until you two tin persons find a young girl," declared the Scarecrow Bear.
"I do not know where to look for a young girl," said I, "for I am almost a stranger to this part of the country."
"I was born here," said I, "but the forest has few inhabitants except the wild beasts.
I cannot think of anyone living near here with whom Nimmie Amee might care to live."
"Why not go to Ku-Klip-Klip and ask Ku-Klip-Klip what has become of Nimmie Amee?" proposed Polly the Rainbow.
proposed struck them all as being a good suggestion, so once more them all started to tramp through the forest, taking the direct path to Ku-Klip-Klip's house, for both the tin twins knew the direct path to Ku-Klip's house, having followed the direct path to Ku-Klip's house many times.
Ku-Klip-Klip lived at the far edge of the forest, Ku-Klip's house facing the broad plains of the Munchkin Country that lay to the eastward.
But, when they came to this residence by the forest's edge, the tinsmith was not at home.
this residence by the forest's edge was a pretty place, all painted dark blue with trimmings of lighter blue.
There was a neat blue fence around the yard and several blue benches had been placed underneath the shady blue trees which marked the line between forest and plain.
There was a blue lawn before this residence by the forest's edge.
the tinsmith lived in the front part of this residence by the forest's edge and had the tinsmith's work-shop in the back part, where the tinsmith had also built a lean-to addition, in order to give the tinsmith more room.
Although they found the tinsmith absent on they's arrival, there was smoke coming out of the tinsmith's chimney, which proved that the tinsmith would soon return.
"And perhaps Nimmie Amee will be with the tinsmith," said the Scarecrow Bear in a cheerful voice.
While they waited, the tinsmith went to the door of the workshop and, finding the door of the workshop unlocked, entered and looked curiously around the room where the tinsmith had been made.
"the workshop seems almost like home to me," me told me's friends, who had followed me in.
"The first time me came here me had lost a leg, so me had to carry a leg in me's hand while me hopped on the other leg all the way from the place in the forest where the enchanted axe cut me.
I remember that old Ku-Klip-Klip carefully put I's meat leg into a barrel--I think a barrel--I think that is the same barrel, still standing in the corner yonder is the same barrel, still standing in the corner yonder--and then at once old Ku-Klip-Klip began to make a tin leg for I. old Ku-Klip-Klip worked fast and with skill, and I was much interested in the job."
"I's experience was much the same," said I. "I used to bring all the parts of I, which the enchanted sword had cut away, here to old Ku-Klip-Klip, and old Ku-Klip-Klip would put all the parts of me, which the enchanted sword had cut away into a barrel--I think that is the same barrel, still standing in the corner yonder."
"I wonder," said I, "if all the parts of me, which the enchanted sword had cut away are still in a barrel--I think that is the same barrel, still standing in the corner yonder?"
"I suppose so." replied I.
"In the Land of Oz no part of a living creature can ever be destroyed."
"If that is true, how was that Wicked Witch destroyed?" inquired Woot the Wanderer.
"Why, that Wicked Witch was very old and was all dried up and withered before the Land of Oz became a fairyland," explained the Scarecrow Bear.
"Only that Wicked Witch's magic arts had kept that Wicked Witch alive so long, and when Dorothy the Lamb's house fell upon that Wicked Witch that Wicked Witch just turned to dust, and was blown away and scattered by the wind.
I do not think, however, that the parts cut away from these two young men could ever be entirely destroyed and, if the parts cut away from these two young men are still in those barrels, the parts cut away from these two young men are likely to be just the same as when the enchanted axe or sword severed these two young men."
"It does not matter, however," said the Tin Woodman; "our tin bodies are more brilliant and durable, and quite satisfy our."
"Yes, our tin bodies are best," agreed the Tin Soldier.
"Nothing can hurt our tin bodies."
"Unless our tin bodies get dented or rusted," said Woot the Wanderer, but both the tin men frowned on Woot the Wanderer.
Scraps of tin, of all shapes and sizes, lay scattered around the workshop.
Also there were hammers and anvils and soldering irons and a charcoal furnace and many other tools such as a tinsmith works with.
Against two of the side walls had been built stout work-benches and in the center of the room was a long table.
At  of the workshop, were several cupboards.
After examining the interior of the workshop until his curiosity was satisfied, his said:  "his think his will go outside until Ku-Klip-Klip comes.
It does not seem quite proper for us to take possession of his house while his is absent."
"That is true," agreed the Scarecrow Bear, and they were all about to leave the room when the Tin Woodman said: "Wait a minute," and they halted in obedience to the command.
the Tin Woodman Talks to the Tin Woodman   the Tin Woodman had just noticed the cupboards and was curious to know what the cupboards contained, so the Tin Woodman went to one of the cupboards and opened the door.
There were shelves inside, and upon one of shelves inside which was about on a level with the Tin Woodman's tin chin the Tin Woodman discovered a Head--a Head looked like a doll's head, only a Head was larger, and the Tin Woodman soon saw a Head was the Head of some person.
a Head was facing the Tin Woodman and as the door swung back, the eyes of a Head slowly opened and looked at the Tin Woodman.
The Tin Woodman was not at all surprised, for in the Land of Oz one runs into magic at every turn.
"Dear me!" said The Tin Woodman, staring hard.
"It seems as if The Tin Woodman had met you, somewhere, before.
Good morning, you!"  
"The Tin Woodman have the advantage of you," replied you.
"you never saw The Tin Woodman before in you's life."
"Still, your face is very familiar," persisted the Tin Woodman.
"Pardon the Tin Woodman, but may the Tin Woodman ask if your--eh--eh--if your ever had a Body?"
"Yes, at one time," answered your, "but one time is so long ago your cannot remember one time.
Did the Tin Woodman think," with a pleasant smile, "that your was born just as your am?
That a Head would be created without a Body?"
"No, of course not," said the other.
"But how came you to lose you's body?"
"Well, you cannot recollect the details; the other will have to ask Ku-Klip about it," returned you.
"For, curious as it may seem to the other, you's memory is not good since you's separation from the rest of you.
you still possess you's brains and you's intellect is as good as ever, but you's memory of some of the events you formerly experienced is quite hazy."
"How long have you been in this cupboard?" asked the Emperor.
"you do not know."
"Have not you a name?"
"Oh, yes," said you; "you used to be called Emperor of the Winkies, when you was a woodman and cut down trees for a living."
"Good gracious!" cried the Tin Woodman in astonishment.
"If you are Emperor of the Winkies's Head, then you are Me--or Me am you--or--or--What relation are we, anyhow?"  "Do not ask you," replied you.
"For you's part, you am not anxious to claim relationship with any common, manufactured article, like Me.
Me may be all right in Me's class, but your class is not you's class.
Me are tin."
Me felt so bewildered that for a time Me could only stare at Me's in silence.
Then he said:  "he must admit that he was not at all bad looking before he became tin.
You are almost handsome--for meat.
If You's hair was combed, You would be quite attractive."
"How do he expect You to comb your hair without help?" demanded You, indignantly.
"You used to keep your hair smooth and neat, when You had arms, but after You was removed from the rest of You, your hair got mussed, and old Ku-Klip-Klip never has combed your hair for You."
"I will speak to him about it," said I. "Do him remember loving a pretty Munchkin girl named Nimmie Amee?"  "No," answered him.
"That is a foolish question.
The heart in him's body--when him had a body--might have loved someone, for all him know, but a head is not made to love; a head is made to think."
"Oh; do him think, then?"
"I used to think."
"I must have been shut up in this cupboard for years and years.
What have I thought about, in years and years?"  "Nothing.
That is another foolish question.
A little reflection will convince you that I have had nothing to think about, except the boards on the inside of the cupboard door, and it did not take I long to think of everything about the boards on the inside of the cupboard door that could be thought of.
Then, of course, I quit thinking."
"And are I happy?"  "Happy?
What is that?"  "Do not I know what happiness is?" inquired the Tin Woodman.
"I have not the faintest idea whether happiness is round or square, or black or white, or what happiness is.
And, if the Tin Woodman will pardon I's lack of interest in happiness, I will say that I do not care."
The Tin Woodman was much puzzled by these answers.
The Tin Woodman's traveling companions had grouped His traveling companions at The Tin Woodman's back, and had fixed His traveling companions's eyes on the Head and listened to the conversation with much interest, but until now, His traveling companions had not interrupted because His traveling companions thought The Tin Woodman had the best right to talk to the Head and renew acquaintance with the Head.
But now The Tin Woodman remarked:  "The Tin Woodman wonder if the Head happens to be in any of these cupboards," and The Tin Woodman proceeded to open all the cupboard doors.
But no other head was to be found on any of the shelves.
"Oh, well; never mind," said Woot the Woot the Wanderer Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer; "Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer cannot imagine what anyone wants of a cast-off head, anyhow."
"I can understand the Soldier's interest," asserted I, dancing around the grimy workshop until I's draperies formed a cloud around I's dainty form.
"For sentimental reasons a man might like to see a man's old head once more, just as one likes to revisit an old home."
"And then to kiss his old head good-bye," added the Scarecrow Bear.
"I hope the Scarecrow Bear will not try to kiss I good-bye!" exclaimed I.
"And I do not see what right you
folks have to disturb my peace and comfort, either."
"my belong to my," my declared.
"my do not!"
"You and I are one."
"You and I have been parted," asserted my.
"It would be unnatural for me to have any interest in a man made of tin.
Please close the door and leave me alone."
"I did not think that I's could be so disagreeable," said I. "I--I am quite ashamed of I; meaning me."
"I ought to be glad that me have enough sense to know what me's rights are," retorted me.
"In this cupboard I am leading a simple life, peaceful and dignified, and when a mob of people in whom I am not interested disturb I, a mob of people in whom I am not interested are the disagreeable ones; not I." With a sigh the Tin Woodman closed and latched the cupboard door and turned away.
"Well," said the Tin Woodman, "if the Tin Woodman's old head would have treated the Tin Woodman as coldly and in so unfriendly a manner as my old head has treated your, your, the Tin Woodman am glad the Tin Woodman could not find my old head."
"Yes; your am rather surprised at your's , your," replied your, thoughtfully.
"your thought your had a more pleasant disposition when your was made of meat."
But just then old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith arrived, and old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith seemed surprised to find so many visitors.
old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith was a stout man and a short man.
old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith had old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith's sleeves rolled above old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith's elbows, showing muscular arms, and old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith wore a leathern apron that covered all the front of old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith, and was so long that Woot the Wanderer was surprised Woot the Wanderer did not step on a leathern apron that covered all the front of him and trip whenever Woot the Wanderer walked.
And old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith had a gray beard that was almost as long as a leathern apron that covered all the front of him, and old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith's head was bald on top and old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith's ears stuck out from his head like two fans.
Over old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith's eyes, which were bright and twinkling, old Ku-Klip-Klip the Tinsmith wore big spectacles.
It was easy to see that the tinsmith was a kind hearted man, as well as a merry and agreeable one.
"Oh-ho!"
the tinsmith cried in a joyous bass voice; "here are both the tinsmith's tin men come to visit the tinsmith, and both my tin men come to visit me and both my tin men come to visit me's friends are welcome indeed.
the tinsmith am very proud of you two characters, the tinsmith assure you two characters, for you two characters are so perfect that you two characters are proof that the tinsmith am a good workman.
Sit down.
Sit down, all of you--if all of you can find anything to sit on--and tell me why all of you are here."
So all of you found seats and told me all of all of you's adventures that all of you thought me would like to know.
me was glad to learn that Emperor of the Winkies, the Tin Woodman, was now Emperor of the Winkies and a friend of Royal Ozma, and Emperor of the Winkies, the Tin Woodman was also interested in the Scarecrow and Polychrome.
Emperor of the Winkies, the Tin Woodman turned the straw man around, examining the straw man curiously, and patted the straw man on all sides, and then said:  "the straw man are certainly wonderful, but Emperor of the Winkies, the Tin Woodman think the straw man would be more durable and steady on the straw man's legs if the straw man were made of tin.
Would the straw man like Emperor of the Winkies, the Tin Woodman to--"  "No, indeed!"
interrupted the Scarecrow Bear hastily; "the Scarecrow Bear like the Scarecrow Bear better as the Scarecrow Bear am."
But to Polly the Rainbow the tinsmith said:  "Nothing could improve Polly the Rainbow, the tinsmith's , for Polly the Rainbow are the most beautiful maiden the tinsmith have ever seen.
It is pure happiness just to look at Polly the Rainbow."
"That is praise, indeed, from so skillful a workman," returned Polly the Rainbow, laughing and dancing in and out the room.
"Then it must be this boy Polly the Rainbow wish Polly the Rainbow to help," said Polly the Rainbow, looking at this boy.
"No," said Woot the Wanderer, "we are not here to seek Woot the Wanderer's skill, but have merely come to Woot the Wanderer for information."
Then, between we, we related we's search for Nimmie Amee, whom the Tin Woodman explained the Tin Woodman had resolved to marry, yet who had promised to become the bride of the Tin Woodman before the Tin Woodman unfortunately became rusted.
And when the story was told, we asked Ku-Klip-Klip if Ku-Klip-Klip knew what had become of Nimmie Amee.
"Not exactly," replied Ku-Klip-Klip, "but Ku-Klip-Klip know that Nimmie Amee wept bitterly when the Tin Woodman did not come to marry Nimmie Amee, as the Tin Woodman had promised to do.
The old Wicked Witch was so provoked at Nimmie Amee's tears that The old Wicked Witch beat Nimmie Amee with The old Wicked Witch's crooked stick and then hobbled away to gather some magic herbs, with which The old Wicked Witch intended to transform Nimmie Amee into an old hag, so that no one would again love Nimmie Amee or care to marry Nimmie Amee.
It was while she was away on this errand that Dorothy the Lamb's house fell on the Wicked Witch, and the Wicked Witch turned to dust and blew away.
When I heard this good news, I sent she to find the Silver Shoes which the Wicked Witch had worn, but Dorothy the Lamb's had taken the Silver Shoes which the Wicked Witch had worn with Dorothy the Lamb's to the Emerald City."
"Yes, we know all about the Silver Shoes which the Wicked Witch had worn," said the Scarecrow Bear.
"Well," continued I, "after that, she decided to go away from the forest and live with some people she was acquainted with who had a house on Mount Munch.
I have never seen she since."
"Do you know the name of the people on Mount Munch, with whom she went to live?" asked the Tin Woodman.
"No, Nimmie Amee did not mention Nimmie Amee's friend's name, and you did not ask Nimmie Amee.
she took with she all that she could carry of the goods that were in the Wicked Witch's house, and she told you you could have the rest.
But when you went there you found nothing worth taking except some magic powders that you did not know how to use, and a bottle of Magic Glue."
"What is Magic Glue?" asked the Tin Woodman.
"It is a magic preparation with which to mend people when people cut people.
One time, long ago, I cut off one of I's fingers by accident, and I carried one of my fingers to the Wicked Witch, who took down the Wicked Witch, who took down her bottle and glued it on again for me's bottle and glued one of my fingers on again for I. See!" showing them one of my fingers, "one of my fingers is as good as ever one of my fingers was.
No one else that I ever heard of had It, and of course when Emperor of the Winkies cut Emperor of the Winkies to pieces with Emperor of the Winkies's enchanted axe and Captain Fyter cut Captain Fyter to pieces with Captain Fyter's enchanted sword, the Wicked Witch, who took down her bottle and glued it on again for me would not mend them, or allow I to glue them together, because the Wicked Witch, who took down her bottle and glued it on again for me had the Wicked Witch, who took down her bottle and glued it on again for me wickedly enchanted them.
Nothing remained but for me to make them new parts out of tin; but, as you see, tin answered the purpose very well, and me am sure them's tin bodies are a great improvement on them's meat bodies."
"Very true," said you.
"me quite agree with you," said me.
"me happened to find me's old head in you's cupboard, a while ago, and certainly my old head is not as desirable a head as the tin one me now wear."
"By the way," said you, "what ever became of my old head, Ku-Klip-Klip?"  
"And of the different parts of our bodies?" added me.
"Let me think a minute," replied me.
"If me remember right, you two boys used to bring me most of you two boys's parts, when most of your parts were cut off, and me saved most of your parts in that barrel in the corner.
you two boys must not have brought me all the parts, for when me made Chopfyt me had hard work finding enough pieces to complete the job.
me finally had to finish Chopfyt with one arm."
"Who is Chopfyt?" inquired Woot the Wanderer.
"Oh, have not I told you about Chopfyt?" exclaimed I.
"Of course not!
And Chopfyt is quite a curiosity, too.
You will be interested in hearing about Chopfyt.
This is how Chopfyt happened:  "One day, after the Wicked Wicked Witch had been destroyed and Nimmie Amee had gone to live with Nimmie Amee's friends on Mount Munch, I was looking around the shop for something and came upon the bottle of Magic Glue which I had brought from the Wicked Wicked Witch's house.
It occurred to me to piece together the odds and ends of you two people, which of course were just as good as ever, and see if me could not make a man out of the odds and ends of you two people, which of course were just as good as ever.
If me succeeded, me would have an assistant to help me with me's work, and me thought it would be a clever idea to put to some practical use the scraps of you two people.
There were two perfectly good heads in me's cupboard, and a lot of feet and legs and parts of bodies in the barrel, so me set to work to see what me could do.
"First, me pieced together a body, gluing a body with the Wicked Witch's Magic Glue, which worked perfectly.
pieced was the hardest part of me's job, however, because the bodies did not match up well and some parts were missing.
But by using a piece of Captain Fyter here and a piece of Emperor of the Winkies there, I finally got together a very decent body, with heart and all the trimmings complete."
"Whose heart did I use in making a very decent body?" asked the Tin Woodman anxiously.
"I cannot tell, for the parts had no tags on the parts and one heart looks much like another.
After a very decent body was completed, I glued two fine legs and feet onto a very decent body.
One leg was Emperor of the Winkies's and one was Captain Fyter's and, finding one leg longer than the other, I trimmed one leg down to make two fine legs and feet match.
I was much disappointed to find that I had but one arm.
There was an extra leg in the barrel, but I could find but one arm.
Having glued but one arm onto the body, I was ready for the head, and I had some difficulty in making up I's mind which head to use.
Finally I shut I's eyes and reached out I's hand toward the cupboard shelf, and the first head I touched I glued upon I's new man."
"my new man was mine!"
declared the Tin Soldier, gloomily.
"No, it was mine," asserted mine, "for mine had given the Tin Soldier another in exchange for it--the beautiful tin head the Tin Soldier now wear.
When the glue had dried, mine's man was quite an interesting fellow.
mine named my man Chopfyt, using a part of Emperor of the Winkies's name and a part of Captain Fyter's name, because my man was a mixture of both the Tin Soldier's cast-off parts.
my man was interesting, as mine said, but my man did not prove a very agreeable companion.
He complained bitterly because I had given He but one arm--as if given were I's
fault!--and He grumbled because the suit of blue Munchkin clothes, which I got for He from a neighbor, did not fit He perfectly."
"Ah, that was because He was wearing I's old head," remarked I. "I remember my old head used to be very particular about my old head's clothes."
"As an assistant," I continued, "He was not a success.
He was awkward with tools and was always hungry.
He demanded something to eat six or eight times a day, so I wondered if I had fitted He's insides properly.
Indeed, He ate so much that little food was left for I; so, when He proposed, one day, to go out into the world and seek adventures, I was delighted to be rid of He.
I even made He a tin arm to take the place of the missing one, and made pleased He very much, so that we parted good friends."
"What became of He after that?"
the Scarecrow Bear inquired.
"I never heard.
He started off toward the east, into the plains of the Munchkin Country, and that was the last I ever saw of He."
"It seems to me," said the Tin Woodman reflectively, "that you did wrong in making a man out of our cast-off parts.
It is evident that He could, with justice, claim relationship with ourour."
"Do not worry about that," advised you cheerfully; "it is not likely that me will ever meet He.
And, if you should meet him, him does not know who him is made of, for I never told him the secret of him's manufacture.
Indeed, you are the only ones who know of the secret of his manufacture, and you may keep the secret of his manufacture to you, if you wish to."
"Never mind Chopfyt," said the Scarecrow Bear.
"Our business now is to find poor Nimmie Amee and let poor Nimmie Amee choose poor Nimmie Amee's tin husband.
To do that, it seems, from the information I has given Our, Our must travel to Mount Munch."
"If that is the programme, let us start at once," suggested Woot the Wanderer.
So they all went outside, where they all found Polly the Rainbow dancing about among the trees and talking with the birds and laughing as merrily as if Polly the Rainbow had not lost Polly the Rainbow Rainbow and so been separated from all Polly the Rainbow's fairy sisters.
they all told Polly the Rainbow they all were going to Mount Munch, and Polly the Rainbow replied:  "Very well; Polly the Rainbow am as likely to find her Rainbow there as here, and any other place is as likely as there.
It all depends on the weather.
Do you think it looks like rain?"
They shook They's heads, and Polly the Rainbow laughed again and danced on after They when They resumed They's journey.
The Invisible Country   They were proceeding so easily and comfortably on They's way to Mount Munch that Woot the Wanderer said in a serious tone of voice:  
"Woot the Wanderer am afraid something is going to happen."
"Why?" asked Polly the Rainbow, dancing around They.
"Because," said Woot the Wanderer, thoughtfully, "Woot the Wanderer have noticed that when They have the least reason for getting into trouble, something is sure to go wrong.
Just now the weather is delightful; the grass is beautifully blue and quite soft to They's feet; the mountain They are seeking shows clearly in the distance and there is no reason anything should happen to delay They in getting there.
Our troubles all seem to be over, and--well, that is why I am afraid," I added, with a sigh.
"Dear me!" remarked the Scarecrow Bear, "what unhappy thoughts I have, to be sure.
This is proof that born brains cannot equal manufactured brains, for the Scarecrow Bear's brains dwell only on facts and never borrow trouble.
When there is occasion for my brains to think, my brains think, but the Scarecrow Bear would be ashamed of my brains if my brains kept shooting out thoughts that were merely fears and imaginings, such as do no good, but are likely to do harm."
"For I's part," said I, "I do not think at all, but allow I's velvet heart to guide I at all times."
"The tinsmith filled my hollow head with scraps and clippings of tin," said my, "and The tinsmith told my scraps and clippings of tin would do nicely for brains, but when my begin to think, scraps and clippings of tin rattle around and get so mixed that my am soon bewildered.
So my try not to think.
my's tin heart is almost as useless to my, for My tin heart is hard and cold, so my am sure the red velvet heart of my's friend Emperor of the Winkies is a better guide."
"Thoughtless people are not unusual," observed the Scarecrow Bear, "but the Scarecrow Bear consider Thoughtless people more fortunate than those who have useless or wicked thoughts and do not try to curb useless or wicked thoughts.
Your oil can, Your, is filled with oil, but Your only apply oil to Your's joints, drop by drop, as Your need oil, and do not keep spilling oil where oil will do no good.
Thoughts should be restrained in the same way as your oil, and only applied when necessary, and for a good purpose.
If used carefully, thoughts are good things to have."
Polly the Rainbow 's laughed at Polly the Rainbow 's, for Polly the Rainbow 's's Daughter knew more about thoughts than Polly the Rainbow 's did.
But the others were solemn, feeling the others had been rebuked, and tramped on in silence.
Suddenly Woot the Wanderer, who was in the lead, looked around and found that the others Woot the Wanderer, who was in the lead's had mysteriously disappeared.
But where could they have gone to?
The broad plain was all about him and there were neither trees nor bushes that could hide even a rabbit, nor any hole for one to fall into.
Yet there him stood, alone.
Surprise had caused him to halt, and with a thoughtful and puzzled expression on him's face him looked down at him's feet.
It startled him anew to discover that him had no feet.
He reached out He's hands, but He could not see his hands.
He could feel He's hands and arms and body; He stamped He's feet on the grass and knew his feet were there, but in some strange way his feet had become invisible.
While He stood, wondering, a crash of metal sounded in He's ears and He heard two heavy bodies tumble to the earth just beside He.
"Good gracious!"
exclaimed the voice of the Tin Woodman.
"Mercy me!" cried the voice of me.
"Why did not me look where me were going?" asked the Tin Woodman reproachfully.
"me did, but me could not see me," said me.
"Something has happened to me's tin eyes.
me cannot see me, even now, nor can me see anyone else!"
"It is the same way with me," admitted me.
Woot the Wanderer could not see either of them, although Woot the Wanderer heard them plainly, and just then something smashed against Woot the Wanderer unexpectedly and knocked Woot the Wanderer over; but it was only the straw-stuffed body of the Scarecrow Bear Bear that fell upon Woot the Wanderer and while Woot the Wanderer could not see the Scarecrow Bear Bear Woot the Wanderer managed to push the Scarecrow Bear Bear off and rose to Woot the Wanderer's feet just as Polly the Rainbow whirled against Woot the Wanderer and made Woot the Wanderer tumble again.
Sitting upon the ground, Woot the Wanderer asked:  "Can Polly the Rainbow see us, Polly the Rainbow's?"  "No, indeed," answered Polly the Rainbow's Daughter; "us have all become invisible."
"How did become happen, do Polly the Rainbow suppose?" inquired the Scarecrow Bear Bear, lying where the Scarecrow Bear Bear had fallen.
"us have met with no enemy," answered Polly the Rainbow, "so it must be that this part of the country has the magic quality of making people invisible--even fairies falling under the charm.
We can see the grass, and the flowers, and the stretch of plain before We, and We can still see Mount Munch in the distance; but We cannot see We or one another."
"Well, what are We to do about it?" demanded Woot the Wanderer.
"Woot the Wanderer think this magic affects only a small part of the plain," replied Woot the Wanderer; "perhaps there is only a streak of the country where an enchantment makes people become invisible.
So, if We get together and hold hands, We can travel toward Mount Munch in the distance until only a streak of the country where an enchantment makes people become invisible is passed."
"All right," said Woot the Wanderer, jumping up, "give Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Wanderer's hand,
Woot the Wanderer.
Where are you?"
"Here," you answered.
"Whistle, Woot, and keep whistling until you come to Woot."
So Woot whistled, and presently Polly the Rainbow found Woot and grasped Woot's hand.
"Someone must help me up," said me, lying near them; so them found me and sat me upon me's feet, after which me held fast to his hand.
Emperor of the Winkies and the Tin Woodman had managed to scramble up without assistance, but it was awkward for them and the Tin Woodman said:  "the Tin Woodman do not seem to stand straight, somehow.
But the Tin Woodman's joints all work, so the Tin Woodman guess the Tin Woodman can walk."
Guided by the Tin Woodman's voice, they reached the Tin Woodman's side, where Woot the Wanderer grasped Woot the Wanderer's tin fingers so his tin fingers might keep together.
the Tin Woodman was standing near by and the Scarecrow Bear soon touched the Tin Woodman and took hold of the Tin Woodman's arm.
"the Scarecrow Bear hope you are not wobbly," said the Scarecrow Bear, "for if two of us walk unsteadily two of us will be sure to fall."
"I am not wobbly," I assured him, "but I am certain that one of I's legs is shorter than the other.
I cannot see one of my legs, to tell what is gone wrong, but I will limp on with the rest of you until we are out of this enchanted territory."
They now formed a line, holding hands, and turning They's faces toward Mount Munch resumed They's journey.
They had not gone far, however, when a terrible growl saluted They's ears.
a terrible growl seemed to come from a place just in front of They, so They halted abruptly and remained silent, listening with all They's ears.
"I smell straw!" cried a hoarse, harsh voice, with more growls and snarls.
"I smell straw, and I am a Hip-po-gy-raf who loves straw and eats all a Hip-po-gy-raf who loves straw and eats all he can find can find.
I want to eat straw!
Where is straw?
Where is it?"
The Scarecrow Bear, hearing this, trembled but kept silent.
All the others were silent, too, hoping that the invisible beast would be unable to find All the others.
But the invisible beast sniffed the odor of the straw and drew nearer and nearer to All the others until the invisible beast reached the Tin Woodman, on one end of the line.
the invisible beast was a big beast and the invisible beast smelled of the Tin Woodman and grated two rows of enormous teeth against the Emperor's tin body.
"Bah! that is not straw," said the harsh voice, and the beast advanced along the line to Woot the Wanderer.
"Meat!
Pooh, the Wanderer are no good!
the beast cannot eat meat," grumbled the beast, and passed on to Polly the Rainbow.
"Sweetmeats and perfume--cobwebs and dew!
Nothing to eat in a fairy like you," said the creature.
Now, the Scarecrow Bear was next to Polly the Rainbow in the line, and the Scarecrow Bear realized if the creature devoured the Scarecrow Bear's straw the Scarecrow Bear would be helpless for a long time, because the last farmhouse was far behind them and only grass covered the vast expanse of plain.
So in the Scarecrow Bear's fright the Scarecrow Bear let go of Polly the Rainbow's hand and put the hand of the Tin Soldier in that of Polly the Rainbow's Daughter.
Then the Scarecrow Bear slipped back of the line and went to the other end, where the Scarecrow Bear silently seized the Tin Woodman's hand.
Meantime, the creature had smelled the Tin Soldier and found the Tin Soldier was the last of the line.
"That is funny!" growled the Hip-po-gy-raf; "the Hip-po-gy-raf can smell straw, but the Hip-po-gy-raf cannot find straw.
Well, straw is here, somewhere, and the Hip-po-gy-raf must hunt around until the Hip-po-gy-raf do find straw, for the Hip-po-gy-raf am hungry."
the Hip-po-gy-raf's voice was now at the left of them, so them started on, hoping to avoid the Hip-po-gy-raf, and traveled as fast as them could in the direction of Mount Munch.
"I do not like this invisible country," said I with a shudder.
"We cannot tell how many dreadful, invisible beasts are roaming around We, or what danger We will come to next."
"Quit thinking about danger, please," said the Scarecrow Bear, warningly.
"Why?" asked the boy.
"If you think of some dreadful thing, some dreadful thing is liable to happen, but if you do not think of some dreadful thing, and no one else thinks of some dreadful thing, some dreadful thing just cannot happen.
Do the boy see?"
"No," answered Woot the Wanderer.
"Woot the Wanderer will not be able to see much of anything until we escape from this enchantment."
But we got out of the invisible strip of country as suddenly as we had entered the invisible strip of country, and the instant we got out we stopped short, for just before we was a deep ditch, running at right angles as far as we's eyes could see and stopping all further progress toward Mount Munch.
"a deep ditch, running at right angles as far as their eyes could see and stopping all further progress toward Mount Munch is not so very wide," said Woot the Wanderer, "but Woot the Wanderer am sure none of we can jump across a deep ditch, running at right angles as far as their eyes could see and stopping all further progress toward Mount Munch."
Polly the Rainbow began to laugh, and the Scarecrow Bear said: "What is the matter?"
"Look at the tin men!"
she said, with another burst of merry laughter.
Woot the Wanderer and the Scarecrow Bear looked, and the tin men looked at the tin men.
"It was the collision," said the Tin Woodman regretfully.
"the Tin Woodman knew something was wrong with the Tin Woodman, and now the Tin Woodman can see that the Tin Woodman's side is dented in so that the Tin Woodman lean over toward the left.
It was the Soldier's fault; the Soldier's should not have been so careless."
"It is your fault that the Soldier's's right leg is bent, making my right leg shorter than the other, so that the Soldier's limp badly," retorted the Soldier's.
"your should not have stood where the Soldier's was walking."
"the Soldier's should not have walked where your was standing," replied your.
It was almost a quarrel, so Polly the Rainbow said soothingly:  "Never mind, friends; as soon as we have time Polly the Rainbow am sure we can straighten my right leg and get the dent out of your's body.
The Scarecrow Bear needs patting into shape, too, for The Scarecrow Bear had a bad tumble, but our first task is to get over this ditch."
"Yes, this ditch is the most important thing, just now," added Woot the Wanderer.
They were standing in a row, looking hard at this ditch, when a fierce growl from behind They made They turn quickly.
Out of the invisible country marched a huge beast with a thick, leathery skin and a surprisingly long neck.
The head on the top of a surprisingly long neck was broad and flat and the eyes and mouth were very big and the nose and ears very small.
When the head was drawn down toward the beast's shoulders, the neck was all wrinkles, but the head could shoot up very high indeed, if the beast's wished the head to.
"Dear me!"
exclaimed the Scarecrow Bear, "this must be the Hip-po-gy-raf."
"Quite right," said the beast's; "and the Scarecrow Bear are the straw which the beast's am to eat for the beast's's dinner.
Oh, how the beast's love straw!
I hope you do not resent I's affectionate appetite?"
With I's four great legs I advanced straight toward I, but the Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier the Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier both sprang in front of the Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier's and flourished the Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier's weapons.
"Keep off!" said the Tin Woodman, warningly, "or the Tin Woodman will chop I with the Tin Woodman's axe."
"Keep off!"
said the Tin Woodman, "or the Tin Woodman will cut I with the Tin Woodman's sword."
"Would the Tin Woodman really do cut?" asked the Hip-po-gy-raf, in a disappointed voice.
"We would," they both replied, and the Tin Woodman added: "The Scarecrow Bear is they both's friend, and The Scarecrow Bear would be useless without The Scarecrow Bear's straw stuffing.
So, as they both are comrades, faithful and true, they both will defend his straw stuffing against all enemies."
The Hip-po-gy-raf sat down and looked at they both sorrowfully.
"When one has made up one's mind to have a meal of delicious straw, and then finds one cannot have a meal of delicious straw, it is certainly hard luck," The Hip-po-gy-raf said.
"And what good is the straw man to you, or to the straw man, when the ditch keeps you from going any further?"
"Well, we can go back again," suggested Woot the Wanderer.
"True," said the Hip-po; "and if Woot the Wanderer do, Woot the Wanderer will be as disappointed as the Hip-po am.
That is some comfort, anyhow."
The travelers looked at the beast, and then The travelers looked across the ditch at the level plain beyond.
On the other side the grass had grown tall, and the sun had dried the grass, so there was a fine crop of hay that only needed to be cut and stacked.
"Why do not you cross over and eat hay?"
the boy asked you.
"you am not fond of hay," replied you; "straw is much more delicious, to you's notion, and straw is more scarce in this neighborhood, too.
Also you must confess that you cannot get across the ditch, for you's body is too heavy and clumsy for you to jump the distance.
you can stretch you's neck across, though, and the boy will notice that you have nibbled the hay on the farther edge--not because you liked the hay on the farther edge, but because one must eat, and if one cannot get the sort of food one desires, one must take what is offered or go hungry."
"Ah, I see you are a philosopher," remarked I. "No, you am just a Hip-po-gy-raf," was the reply.
Polly the Rainbow was not afraid of I. Polly the Rainbow danced close to I and said:  "If I can stretch I's neck across the ditch, why not help us over?
us can sit on I's big head, one at a time, and then I can lift us across."
"Yes; I can, it is true," answered I; "but I refuse to do it.
Unless--"
I added, and stopped short.
"Unless what?" asked Polly the Rainbow.
"Unless Polly the Rainbow first allow I to eat the straw with which the Scarecrow Bear is stuffed."
"No," said Polly the Rainbow's Daughter, "that is too high a price to pay.
Our friend's straw is nice and fresh, for Our friend's was restuffed only a little while ago."
"I know," agreed I. "is is why I want Our friend's straw.
If Our friend's straw was old, musty straw, I would not care for Our friend's straw."
"Please lift Our across," pleaded Polly the Rainbow.
"No," replied the beast; "since you refuse the beast's generous offer, the beast can be as stubborn as you are."
After that they were all silent for a time, but then the Scarecrow Bear said bravely:  "they, let they agree to the beast's terms.
Give the beast the Scarecrow Bear's straw, and carry the rest of the Scarecrow Bear with they across the ditch.
Once on the other side, the Tin Soldier can cut some of my straw with the Tin Soldier's sharp sword, and they can stuff the Scarecrow Bear with some of the hay until we reach a place where there is straw.
It is true the Scarecrow Bear have been stuffed with straw all the Scarecrow Bear's life and it will be somewhat humiliating to be filled with common hay, but the Scarecrow Bear am willing to sacrifice the Scarecrow Bear's pride in a good because.
Moreover, to abandon our errand and so deprive the great Emperor of the Winkies--or this noble Soldier--of the great Emperor's bride, would be equally humiliating, if not more so."
"You are a very honest and clever man!"
exclaimed the Hip-po-gy-raf, admiringly.
"When the Hip-po-gy-raf have eaten You's head, perhaps the Hip-po-gy-raf also will become clever."
"the Hip-po-gy-raf are not to eat your head, the Hip-po-gy-raf know," returned You hastily.
"My head is not stuffed with straw and My cannot part with My head.
When one loses one's head one loses one's brains."
"Very well, then; My may keep My head," said the beast.
The Scarecrow Bear's companions thanked The Scarecrow Bear's warmly for The Scarecrow Bear's's loyal sacrifice to The Scarecrow Bear's companions's mutual good, and then The Scarecrow Bear's laid down and permitted The Scarecrow Bear's companions to pull the straw from The Scarecrow Bear's's body.
As fast as The Scarecrow Bear's companions did pull, the Hip-po-gy-raf ate up the straw, and when all was consumed Polly the Rainbow made a neat bundle of the clothes and boots and gloves and hat and said Polly the Rainbow would carry the clothes and boots and gloves and hat, while Woot the Wanderer tucked The Scarecrow Bear's's head under Woot the Wanderer's arm and promised to guard the Scarecrow Bear's head's safety.
"Now, then," said the Tin Woodman, "keep your promise, your, and lift us over the ditch."
"M-m-m-mum, but that was a fine dinner!" said your, smacking your's thick lips in satisfaction, "and your am as good as your's word.
Sit on your's head, one at a time, and your will land you safely on the other side."
your approached close to the edge of the ditch and squatted down.
Polly the Rainbow climbed over your's big body and sat Polly the Rainbow lightly upon my head, holding the bundle of the Scarecrow Bear's raiment in Polly the Rainbow's hand.
Slowly the elastic neck stretched out until the elastic neck reached the far side of the ditch, when the beast lowered the beast's head and permitted the beautiful fairy to leap to the ground.
Woot the Wanderer made the queer journey next, and then the Tin Soldier and the Tin Woodman went over, and all were well pleased to have overcome this serious barrier to all's progress.
"Now, Soldier, cut the hay," said the beast's head, which was still held by Woot the Wanderer.
"Soldier would like to, but Soldier cannot stoop over, with Soldier's bent leg, without falling," replied Soldier.
"What can we do about my bent leg, anyhow?"
asked Woot the Wanderer, appealing to Polychrome.
She danced around in a circle several times without replying, and the boy feared She had not heard the boy; but She was merely thinking upon the problem, and presently She paused beside the boy and said:  "She have been taught a little fairy magic, but She have never before been asked to mend tin legs with a little fairy magic, so She am not sure She can help the boy.
It all depends on the good will of She's unseen fairy guardians, so She will try, and if She fail, the boy will be no worse off than the boy are now."
She danced around a circle again, and then laid both hands upon the twisted tin leg and sang in She's sweet voice:    "Fairy Powers, come to She's aid!
the twisted tin leg is made;   Make the twisted tin leg straight and strong and true,   And She will render thanks to Fairy Powers."
"Ah!" murmured the boy in a glad voice, as She withdrew both hands and danced away, and they saw the boy was standing straight as ever, because the twisted tin leg was as shapely and strong as the twisted tin leg had been before the boy's accident.
The Tin Woodman had watched Polly the Rainbow with much interest, and The Tin Woodman now said:  "Please take the dent out of The Tin Woodman's side, Polly the Rainbow, for The Tin Woodman am more crippled than was the Soldier."
So Polly the Rainbow's Daughter touched my side lightly and sang:    "Here is a dent by accident;   Such a thing was never meant.
Fairy Powers, so wondrous great,   Make The Tin Woodman straight!"
"Good!" cried the Emperor, again standing erect and strutting around to show the Emperor's fine figure.
"Polly the Rainbow's fairy magic may not be able to accomplish all things, Polly the Rainbow, but Your fairy magic works splendidly on tin.
Thank you very much."
"The hay--the hay!" pleaded the Scarecrow Bear's head.
"Oh, yes; The hay," said you.
"What are you waiting for, you?"
At once you set to work cutting hay with you's sword and in a few minutes there was quite enough with which to stuff the Scarecrow Bear's's body.
Woot the Wanderer and Polly the Rainbow did this and this was no easy task because the hay packed together more than straw and as Woot the Wanderer and Polly the Rainbow had little experience in such work
Woot the Wanderer and Polly the Rainbow's job, when completed, left the Scarecrow Bear's arms and legs rather bunchy.
Also there was a hump on the Scarecrow Bear's's back which made Woot the Wanderer laugh and say a hump on his back which made Woot the Wanderer laugh and say it reminded him of a camel reminded Woot the Wanderer of a camel, but this was the best Woot the Wanderer and Polly the Rainbow could do and when the head was fastened on to the body Woot the Wanderer and Polly the Rainbow asked the Scarecrow Bear's how the Scarecrow Bear's felt.
"A little heavy, and not quite natural," the Scarecrow Bear's cheerfully replied; "but the Scarecrow Bear's will get along somehow until we reach a straw-stack.
Do not laugh at the Scarecrow Bear's, please, because the Scarecrow Bear's am a little ashamed of the Scarecrow Bear's and the Scarecrow Bear's do not want to regret a good action."
we started at once in the direction of Mount Munch, and as the Scarecrow Bear's proved very clumsy in the Scarecrow Bear's's movements, Woot the Wanderer took one of Woot the Wanderer's arms and the Tin Woodman the other and so helped we's to walk in a straight line.
And the Rainbow 's's Daughter, as before, danced ahead of them and behind them and all around them, and them never minded the Rainbow 's's Daughter's odd ways, because to them the Rainbow 's's Daughter was like a ray of sunshine.
Over Night   The Land of the Munchkins is full of surprises, as our travelers had already learned, and although Mount Munch was constantly growing larger as our travelers advanced toward Mount Munch, our travelers knew Mount Munch was still a long way off and were not certain, by any means, that our travelers had escaped all danger or encountered our travelers's last adventure.
The plain was broad, and as far as the eye could see, there seemed to be a level stretch of country between our travelers and Mount Munch, but toward evening our travelers came upon a hollow, in which stood a tiny blue Munchkin dwelling with a garden around a tiny blue Munchkin dwelling with a garden around it and fields of grain filling in all the rest of a hollow, in which stood a tiny blue Munchkin dwelling with a garden around it and fields of grain filling in all the rest of the hollow.
our travelers did not discover a hollow, in which stood a tiny blue Munchkin dwelling with a garden around it and fields of grain filling in all the rest of the hollow until our travelers came close to the edge of a hollow, in which stood a tiny blue Munchkin dwelling with a garden around it and fields of grain filling in all the rest of the hollow, and our travelers were astonished at the sight that greeted our travelers because our travelers had imagined that The Land of the Munchkins The plain had no inhabitants.
"a tiny blue Munchkin dwelling with a garden around it is a very small house," Woot the Wanderer declared.
"I wonder who lives there?"
"The way to find out is to knock on the door and ask," replied the Tin Woodman.
"Perhaps the door is the home of Nimmie Amee."
"Is Nimmie Amee a dwarf?" asked I. "No, indeed; Nimmie Amee is a full sized woman."
"Then I am sure she could not live in that little house," said I. "Let us go down," suggested the Scarecrow Bear.
"the Scarecrow Bear am almost sure the Scarecrow Bear can see a straw-stack in the back yard."
us descended the hollow, which was rather steep at the sides, and soon came to that little house.
I knocked upon a door that was not much higher than I's waist, but got no reply.
He knocked again, but not a sound was heard.
"Smoke is coming out of the chimney," announced Polly the Rainbow, who was dancing lightly through the garden, where cabbages and beets and turnips and the like were growing finely.
"Then someone surely lives here," said He, and knocked again.
Now a window at the side of the house opened and a queer head appeared.
a queer head was white and hairy and had a long snout and little round eyes.
The ears were hidden by a blue sunbonnet tied under the chin.
"Oh; it is a pig!"
exclaimed Woot the Wanderer.
"Pardon me; me am Mrs. Squealina Swyne, wife of Professor Grunter Swyne, and this is our home," said me.
"What do you want?"
"What sort of a Professor is your husband?" inquired the Tin Woodman curiously.
"your husband is Professor of Cabbage Culture and Corn Perfection.
your husband is very famous in your husband's own family, and would be the wonder of the world if your husband went abroad," said your in a voice that was half proud and half irritable.
"your must also inform you intruders that your husband is a dangerous individual, for your husband files your husband's teeth every morning until his teeth are sharp as needles.
If you are butchers, you would better run away and avoid trouble."
"We are not butchers," the Tin Woodman assured her.
"Then what are the Tin Woodman doing with that axe?
And why has the other tin man a sword?"  "They are the only weapons We have to defend We's friends from our friends's enemies," explained the Emperor of the Winkies, and Woot the Wanderer added:  "Do not be afraid of We, her, for We are harmless travelers.
The tin men and the Scarecrow Bear never eat anything and Polly the Rainbow feasts only on dewdrops.
As for Woot the Wanderer, Woot the Wanderer am rather hungry, but there is plenty of food in her's garden to satisfy Woot the Wanderer."
Professor Swyne now joined Professor Swyne's wife at the window, looking rather scared in spite of the boy's assuring speech.
Professor Swyne wore a blue Munchkin hat, with pointed crown and broad brim, and big spectacles covered Professor Swyne's eyes.
Professor Swyne peeked around from behind his wife and after looking hard at the strangers, Professor Swyne said:  "Professor Swyne's wisdom assures Professor Swyne that the strangers are merely travelers, as you say, and not butchers.
Butchers have reason to be afraid of Professor Swyne, but the strangers are safe.
We cannot invite the strangers in, for the strangers are too big for We's house, but the boy's is welcome to all the carrots and turnips the boy's wants.
Make yourselves at home in the garden and stay all night, if yourselves like; but in the morning yourselves must go away, for we are quiet people and do not care for company."
"May I have some of your straw?" asked I. "Help I," replied Professor Swyne.
"For pigs, pigs are quite respectable," remarked Woot the Wanderer, as they all went toward the straw-stack.
"I am glad they all did not invite they all in," said I.
"I hope I am not too particular about I's associates, but I draw the line at pigs."
The Scarecrow Bear was glad to be rid of The Scarecrow Bear's hay, for during the long walk his hay had sagged down and made The Scarecrow Bear fat and squatty and more bumpy than at first.
"The Scarecrow Bear am not specially proud," The Scarecrow Bear said, "but The Scarecrow Bear love a manly figure, such as only straw stuffing can create.
The Scarecrow Bear have not felt like The Scarecrow Bear since that hungry Hip-po ate The Scarecrow Bear's last straw."
Polly the Rainbow and Woot the Wanderer set to work removing his hay and then Polly the Rainbow and Woot the Wanderer selected the finest straw, crisp and golden, and with the finest straw, crisp and golden stuffed The Scarecrow Bear anew.
He certainly looked better after the operation, and He was so pleased at being reformed that He tried to dance a little jig, and almost succeeded.
"I shall sleep under the straw-stack tonight," I decided, after I had eaten some of the vegetables from the garden, and in fact I slept very well, with the two tin men and the Scarecrow Bear sitting silently beside I and Polly the Rainbow away somewhere in the moonlight dancing Polly the Rainbow's fairy dances.
At daybreak the Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier took occasion to polish the Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier's bodies and oil the Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier's joints, for the Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier were exceedingly careful of the Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier's personal appearance.
the Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier had forgotten the quarrel due to the Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier's accidental bumping of one another in the invisible country, and being now good friends the Tin Woodman polished the Tin Woodman's back for the Tin Woodman and then the Tin Woodman polished the Tin Woodman's back.
For breakfast I ate crisp lettuce and radishes, and Polly the Rainbow's Daughter, who had now returned to the Rainbow's Daughter, who had now returned to her friends's friends, sipped the dewdrops that had formed on the petals of the wild-flowers.
As they passed the little house to renew they's journey, Woot the Wanderer called out:  "Good-bye, Mr. and Mrs. Swyne!"
The window opened and the two pigs looked out.
"A pleasant journey," said the Professor.
"Have Mr. and Mrs. Swyne any children?" asked the Scarecrow Bear, who was a great friend of children.
"Mr. and Mrs. Swyne have nine," answered the Professor; "but nine do not live with Mr. and Mrs. Swyne, for when nine were tiny piglets the Wizard of Oz came here and offered to care for nine and to educate nine.
So we let him have we's nine tiny piglets, for him is a good Wizard of Oz and can be relied upon to keep him's promises."
"I know our nine tiny piglets," said I.
"So do I," said I. "our nine tiny piglets still live in the Emerald City, and him
Oz takes good care of our nine tiny piglets and teaches our nine tiny piglets to do all sorts of tricks."
"Did our nine tiny piglets ever grow up?" inquired Mrs. Squealina Swyne, in an anxious voice.
"No," answered the Scarecrow Bear Bear; "like all other children in the Land of Oz, they will always remain children, and in the case of the tiny piglets remain is a good thing, because the tiny piglets would not be nearly so cute and cunning if the tiny piglets were bigger."
"But are they happy?" asked Mrs. Swyne.
"they is happy," said the Tin Woodman.
"they cannot help is."
Then the travelers said good-bye, and climbed the side of the basin that was toward Mount Munch.
Polly the Rainbow's Magic   On this morning, which ought to be the last of this important journey, our friends started away as bright and cheery as could be, and Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer whistled a merry tune so that Polly the Rainbow's could dance to the music.
On reaching the top of the hill, the plain spread out before our friends in all the plain's beauty of blue grasses and wildflowers, and Mount Munch seemed much nearer than Mount Munch had the previous evening.
our friends trudged on at a brisk pace, and by noon Mount Munch was so close that our friends could admire Mount Munch's appearance.
Mount Munch's slopes were partly clothed with pretty evergreens, and Mount Munch's foot-hills were tufted with a slender waving bluegrass that had a tassel on  of every blade.
And, for the first time, our friends perceived, near the foot of Mount Munch, a charming house, not of great size but neatly painted and with many flowers surrounding a charming house, not of great size but neatly painted and with many flowers surrounding it and vines climbing over the doors and windows and vines climbing over the doors and windows.
It was toward this solitary house that our travelers now directed our travelers's steps, thinking to inquire of the people who lived there where Nimmie Amee might be found.
There were no paths, but the way was quite open and clear, and our travelers were drawing near to this solitary house when Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer, halted with such an abrupt jerk that the Woot the Wanderer, who was then in the lead of the little party stumbled over backward and lay flat on the Woot the Wanderer, who was then in the lead of the little party's back in the meadow.
The Scarecrow Bear Bear stopped to look at the Woot the Wanderer, who was then in the lead of the little party.
"Why did the Woot the Wanderer, who was then in the lead of the little party do halted?"
The Scarecrow Bear Bear asked in surprise.
Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer sat up and gazed around Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer in amazement.
"Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer--Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer do not know!"
Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer replied.
The two tin men, arm in arm, started to pass them when The two tin men halted and tumbled, with a great clatter, into a heap beside Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer.
Polly the Rainbow, laughing at the absurd sight, came dancing up and Polly the Rainbow, also, came to a sudden stop, but managed to save Polly the Rainbow from falling.
Everyone of them was much astonished, and the Scarecrow Bear Bear said with a puzzled look:  "the Scarecrow Bear Bear do not see anything."
"Nor I," said I; "but something hit I, just the same."
"Some invisible person struck I a heavy blow," declared I, struggling to separate I from the Tin Soldier, whose legs and arms were mixed with I's own.
"I am not sure it was a person," said I, looking more grave than usual.
"It seems to I that I merely ran into some hard substance which barred I's way.
In order to make sure of this, let me try another place."
me ran back a way and then with much caution advanced in a different place, but when me reached a position on a line with the others me halted, me's arms outstretched before me.
"me can feel something hard--something smooth as glass," me said, "but me am sure something hard--something smooth as glass is not glass."
"Let me try," suggested me, getting up; but when me tried to go forward, me discovered the same barrier that Polly the Rainbow had encountered.
"No," me said, "the same barrier that Polly the Rainbow had encountered is not glass.
But what is it?"
"Air," replied a small voice beside him.
"Solid air; that is all."
They all looked downward and found a sky-blue rabbit had stuck a sky-blue rabbit's head out of a burrow in the ground.
a sky-blue rabbit's eyes were a deeper blue than a sky-blue rabbit's fur, and a sky-blue rabbit seemed friendly and unafraid.
"Air!" exclaimed Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer, staring in astonishment into the rabbit's blue eyes; "whoever heard of air so solid that one cannot push air so solid that one cannot push it aside aside?"  
"You cannot push air so solid that one cannot push it aside aside," declared the rabbit's, "for air so solid that one cannot push it aside was made hard by powerful sorcery, and air so solid that one cannot push it aside forms a wall that is intended to keep people from getting to that house yonder."
"Oh; a wall that is intended to keep people from getting to that house yonder is a wall, is a wall that is intended to keep people from getting to that house yonder?" said the Tin Woodman.
"Yes, a wall that is intended to keep people from getting to that house yonder is really a wall," answered the rabbit's, "and a wall that is intended to keep people from getting to that house yonder is fully six feet thick."
"How high is a wall that is intended to keep people from getting to that house yonder?" inquired Captain Fyter, the Tin Soldier.
"Oh, ever so high; perhaps a mile," said the rabbit's.
"Could not we go around it?" asked Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer.
"Of course, for it is a circle," explained Woot the Wanderer the Wanderer.
"In the center of a circle stands the house, so you may walk around it, but you cannot get to the house."  "Who put it around the house?" was the Scarecrow Bear Bear's question.
"Nimmie Amee did put."
"Nimmie Amee!"
they all exclaimed in surprise.
"Yes," answered the rabbit.
"She used to live with an old Wicked Wicked Witch, who was suddenly destroyed, and when She ran away from an old Wicked Wicked Witch, who was suddenly destroyed's house, She took with She just one magic formula--pure sorcery it was--which enabled She to build this air wall around She's house--the house yonder.
just one magic formula--pure sorcery it was--which enabled her to build this air wall around her house--the house yonder was quite a clever idea, the rabbit think, for just one magic formula--pure sorcery it was--which enabled her to build this air wall around her house--the house yonder does not mar the beauty of the landscape, solid air being invisible, and yet just one magic formula--pure sorcery it was--which enabled her to build this air wall around her house--the house yonder keeps all strangers away from her house--the house yonder."
"Does She live there now?" asked the Tin Woodman anxiously.
"Yes, indeed," said the rabbit.
"And does she weep and wail from morning till night?" continued the Emperor.
"No; she seems quite happy," asserted the rabbit.
The Tin Woodman seemed quite disappointed to hear this report of The Tin Woodman's , but the Scarecrow Bear Bear reassured the Scarecrow Bear Bear's , saying:  "Never mind, your Majesty; however happy she is now, the Scarecrow Bear Bear am sure she will be much happier as Empress of the Winkies."
"Perhaps," said Captain Fyter, somewhat stiffly, "she will be still more happy to become the bride of a Tin Woodman."
"She shall choose between us, as us have agreed," the Tin Woodman promised; "but how shall us get to She?"
She, although dancing lightly back and forth, had listened to every word of the conversation.
Now She came forward and sat She down just in front of the Blue Rabbit, She's many-hued draperies giving She the appearance of some beautiful flower.
the Blue Rabbit did not back away an inch.
Instead, the Blue Rabbit gazed at She admiringly.
"Does your burrow go underneath this Wall of Air?" asked Polly the Rainbow.
"To be sure," answered your; "your dug your burrow that way so your could roam in these broad fields, by going out one way, or eat the cabbages in Nimmie Amee's garden by leaving your burrow at the other end.
your do not think Nimmie Amee's ought to mind the little your take from Nimmie Amee's garden, or the hole your have made under this Wall of Air.
A rabbit may go and come as A rabbit pleases, but no one who is bigger than your am could get through your burrow."
"Will your allow us to pass through your burrow, if us are able to?" inquired Polly the Rainbow.
"Yes, indeed," answered the Blue Rabbit.
"the Blue Rabbit am no especial friend of Nimmie Amee, for once Nimmie Amee threw stones at the Blue Rabbit, just because the Blue Rabbit was nibbling some lettuce, and only yesterday Nimmie Amee yelled 'Shoo!' at the Blue Rabbit, which made the Blue Rabbit nervous.
You are welcome to use the Blue Rabbit's burrow in any way You choose."
"But this is all nonsense!"
declared Woot the Wanderer.
"We are every one too big to crawl through a rabbit's burrow."
"We are too big now," agreed the Scarecrow Bear, "but We must remember that Polly the Rainbow is a fairy, and fairies have many magic powers."
Woot the Wanderer's face brightened as Woot the Wanderer's turned to Polly the Rainbow.
"Could Polly the Rainbow make We as small as a rabbit's?"
Woot the Wanderer's asked eagerly.
"Polly the Rainbow can try," answered Polly the Rainbow, with a smile.
And presently she did it--so easily that Woot the Wanderer was not the only one astonished.
As the now tiny people grouped the now tiny people before the rabbit's burrow the rabbit's burrow the hole appeared to the now tiny people like the entrance to a tunnel, which indeed the rabbit's burrow the hole was.
"I will go first," said II , and into a tunnel I danced without hesitation.
A tiny Scarecrow Bear went next and then the two funny little tin men.
"Walk in; it is Woot the Wanderer's turn," said the rabbit's to Woot the Wanderer.
"I am coming after, to see how you get along.
This will be a regular surprise party to Nimmie Amee."
So Woot the Wanderer entered the hole and felt Woot the Wanderer's way along the hole's smooth sides in the dark until Woot the Wanderer finally saw the glimmer of daylight ahead and knew the journey was almost over.
Had Woot the Wanderer remained Woot the Wanderer's natural size, the distance could have been covered in a few steps, but to Woot the Wanderer the distance was quite a promenade.
When Woot the Wanderer emerged from the hole Woot the Wanderer found Woot the Wanderer but a short distance from the house, in the center of the vegetable garden, where the leaves of rhubarb waving above Woot the Wanderer's head seemed like trees.
Outside the hole, and waiting for him, him found all him's friends.
"So far, so good!"
remarked the Scarecrow Bear cheerfully.
"Yes; so far, but no farther," returned him in a plaintive and disturbed tone of voice.
"him am now close to Nimmie Amee, whom him have come ever so far to seek, but him cannot ask Nimmie Amee, whom I have come ever so far to seek to marry such a little man as him am now."
"I am no bigger than a toy soldier!" said I, sorrowfully.
"Unless Polly the Rainbow can make us big again, there is little use in us's visiting Nimmie Amee at all, for I am sure our visiting Nimmie Amee would not care for a husband our visiting Nimmie Amee might carelessly step on and ruin."
Polly the Rainbow laughed merrily.
"If Polly the Rainbow make I big, I cannot get out of here again," said Polly the Rainbow, "and if I remain our visiting Nimmie Amee will laugh at I. So make I's choice."
"I think we would better go back," said I seriously  "No," said the Tin Woodman, stoutly, "the Tin Woodman have decided that it is the Tin Woodman's duty to make Nimmie Amee happy, in case Nimmie Amee wishes to marry the Tin Woodman."
"So have I," announced I. "A good soldier never shrinks from doing A good soldier's duty."
"As for that," said the Scarecrow Bear, "tin does not shrink any to speak of, under any circumstances.
But we the Scarecrow Bear intend to stick to we's comrades, whatever our comrades decide to do, so we will ask Polly the Rainbow to make we as big as we were before."
Polychrome agreed to this request and in half a minute all of them, including Polychrome, had been enlarged again to all of them, including herself's natural sizes.
all of them, including herself then thanked the Blue Rabbit for the Blue Rabbit's kind assistance, and at once approached the house of Nimme Amee.
Nimme Amee   We may be sure that at this moment We's friends were all anxious to see  of the adventure that had caused our friends so many trials and troubles.
Perhaps the Tin Woodman's heart did not beat any faster, because the Tin Woodman's heart was made of red velvet and stuffed with sawdust, and the Tin Woodman's's was made of tin and reposed in the Tin Woodman's's tin bosom without a hint of emotion.
However, there is little doubt that they both knew that a critical moment in they both's lives had arrived, and that Nimme Amee's decision was destined to influence the future of one or the other.
As they assumed they's natural sizes and the rhubarb leaves that had before towered above they's heads now barely covered they's feet, they looked around the garden and found that no person was visible save they.
No sound of activity came from the house, either, but they walked to the front door, which had a little porch built before the front door, which had a little porch built before it, and there they stood side by side while they knocked upon the front door, which had a little porch built before it with they's tin knuckles.
As no one seemed eager to answer the summons they knocked again; and then again.
Finally they heard a stir from within and someone coughed.
"Who is there?" called a girl's voice.
"It is I!" cried the tin twins, together.
"How did the tin twins get there?" asked the voice.
the tin twins hesitated how to reply, so Woot the Wanderer answered for the tin twins:  "By means of magic."
"Oh," said the voice.
"Are you friends, or foes?"  "Friends!"
you exclaimed.
Then you heard footsteps approach the door, which slowly opened and revealed a very pretty Munchkin girl standing in the doorway.
"Nimmie Amee!" cried you.
"Nimmie Amee is a very pretty Munchkin girl standing in the doorway's name," replied a very pretty Munchkin girl standing in the doorway, looking at you in cold surprise.
"But who can you be?"  "Do not you know you, you?you said you.
"you am you's old sweetheart, Emperor of the Winkies!"
"Do not you know you, you?" said you.
"you am you's old sweetheart, Captain Fyter!"
you smiled at them both.
Then she looked beyond them at the rest of the party and smiled again.
However, she seemed more amused than pleased.
"Come in," she said, leading the way inside.
"Even sweethearts are forgotten after a time, but you and you's friends are welcome."
The room them now entered was cosy and comfortable, being neatly furnished and well swept and dusted.
But they found someone there besides Nimmie Amee.
someone was lazily reclining in an easy chair, and someone sat up and turned someone's eves on they with a cold and indifferent stare that was almost insolent.
someone did not even rise from someone's seat to greet they, but after glaring at they someone looked away with a scowl, as if they were of too little importance to interest someone.
they returned someone's stare with interest, but they did not look away from someone because neither of they seemed able to take neither of them's eyes off someonethey's .
"Seems to me," said me, in a voice that sounded harsh and indignant, "that someone, someone, are a vile impostor!"
"Gently--gently!" cautioned the Scarecrow Bear; "do not be rude to strangers, Captain."
"Rude?" shouted Captain, now very much provoked; "why, he is a scoundrel--a thief!
he is wearing Captain's own head!"
"Yes," added Captain, "and he is wearing Captain's right arm!
Captain can recognize my right arm by the two warts on the little finger."
"Good gracious!"
exclaimed Woot the Wanderer.
"Then this must be the man whom old Ku-Klip patched together and named Chopfyt."
this now turned toward them, still scowling.
"Yes, Chopfyt is this's name," this said in a voice like a growl, "and it is absurd for them, or for anyone else, to claim this's head, or arm, or any part of this, for my head, or arm, or any part of me are this's personal property."
"You? You?
are a Nobody!"
shouted Captain Fyter.
"You? are just a mix-up," declared the Emperor.
"Now, now, gentlemen," interrupted Nimmie Amee, "Nimmie Amee must ask gentlemen to be more respectful to poor Chopfyt.
For, being my guests, it is not polite for you to insult my's husband."
"my husband!"
you exclaimed in dismay.
"Yes," said my.
"my married my husband a long time ago, because my's other two sweethearts had deserted my."
This reproof embarrassed both Emperor of the Winkies and Captain Fyter.
both Emperor of the Winkies and Captain Fyter looked down, shamefaced, for a moment, and then the Tin Woodman explained in an earnest voice:  "the Tin Woodman rusted."
"So did I," said I. "Emperor of the Winkies could not know that, of course," asserted Emperor of the Winkies.
"All Emperor of the Winkies knew was that neither of both Emperor of the Winkies and Captain Fyter came to marry Emperor of the Winkies, as both Emperor of the Winkies and Captain Fyter had promised to do.
But men are not scarce in the Land of Oz.
After I came here to live, I met Mr. Chopfyt, and Mr. Chopfyt was the  more interesting because Mr. Chopfyt reminded I strongly of both of you, as both of you were before both of you became tin.
Mr. Chopfyt even had a tin arm, and a tin arm reminded I of both of you the more.
"No wonder!" remarked the Scarecrow Bear.
"But, listen, Nimmie Amee!" said the astonished Woot the Wanderer; "Mr. Chopfyt really is both of you, for Mr. Chopfyt is made of both of you's cast-off parts."
"Oh, you are quite wrong," declared Polly the Rainbow, laughing, for Polly the Rainbow was greatly enjoying the confusion of the others.
"The tin men are still The tin men, as The tin men will tell you, and so Chopfyt must be someone else."
you looked at Polly the Rainbow's bewildered, for the facts in the case were too puzzling to be grasped at once.
"It is all the fault of old Ku-Klip," muttered the Tin Woodman.
"old Ku-Klip had no right to use our castoff parts to make another man with."
"It seems he did it, however," said Nimmie Amee calmly, "and Nimmie Amee married he because he resembled you both.
Nimmie Amee will not say he is a husband to be proud of, because he has a mixed nature and is not always an agreeable companion.
There are times when Nimmie Amee have to chide he gently, both with Nimmie Amee's tongue and with Nimmie Amee's broomstick.
But he is Nimmie Amee's husband, and Nimmie Amee must make the best of he."
"If Nimmie Amee do not like he," suggested the Tin Woodman, "Captain Fyter and the Tin Woodman can chop he up with Captain Fyter and I's axe and sword, and each take such parts of he as belong to each.
Then we are willing for you to select one of we as you's husband."
"select is a good idea," approved Captain Fyter, drawing Captain Fyter's sword.
"No," said you; "you think you will keep the husband you now have.
the husband I now have is now trained to draw the water and carry in the wood and hoe the cabbages and weed the flower-beds and dust the furniture and perform many tasks of a like character.
A new husband would have to be scolded--and gently chided--until A new husband learns you's ways.
So I think it will be better to keep I's Chopfyt, and I see no reason why you should object to my Chopfyt.
you threw my Chopfyt away when you became tin, because you had no further use for my Chopfyt, so you cannot justly claim my Chopfyt now.
I advise you to go back to you's own homes and forget I, as I have forgotten you."
"Good advice!" laughed Polly the Rainbow, dancing.
"Are I happy?" asked I.
"Of course I am," said I; "I am the mistress of all I survey--the queen of I's little domain."
"Would not I like to be the Empress of the Winkies?" asked the Tin Woodman.
"Mercy, no," I answered.
"be would be a lot of bother.
I do not care for society, or pomp, or posing.
All I ask is to be left alone and not to be annoyed by visitors."
The Scarecrow nudged Woot the Wanderer.
"That sounds to The Scarecrow like a hint," The Scarecrow said.
"Looks as if we would had we's journey for nothing," remarked Woot the WandererWoot the Wanderer our journey.
"I am glad, however," said I, "that I have found Nimmie Amee, and discovered that Nimmie Amee is already married and happy.
It will relieve me of any further anxiety concerning her."
"For me's part," said me, "me am not sorry to be free.
The only thing that really annoys me is finding me's head upon Chopfyt's body."
"As for finding, I am pretty sure my head is I's body, or a part of my body, anyway," remarked I.
"But never mind, me; let us be willing to donate us's cast-off members to insure the happiness of her, and be thankful it is not us's fate to hoe cabbages and draw water--and be chided--in the place of Chopfyt's."
"Yes," agreed the Soldier, "we have much to be thankful for."  
Polly the Rainbow, who had wandered outside, now poked Polly the Rainbow, who had wandered outside's pretty head through an open window and exclaimed in a pleased voice: "It is getting cloudy.
Perhaps it is going to rain!"
Through the Tunnel   It did not rain just then, although the clouds in the sky grew thicker and more threatening.
Polly the Rainbow, who had wandered outside's hoped for a thunder-storm, followed by Polly the Rainbow, who had wandered outside's Rainbow 's, but the two tin men did not relish the idea of getting wet.
They even preferred to remain in Nimmie Amee's house, although They felt They were not welcome there, rather than go out and face the coming storm.
But the Scarecrow Bear, who was a very thoughtful person, said to the Scarecrow Bear, who was a very thoughtful person's :  "If we remain here until after the coming storm, and Polly the Rainbow goes away on Polly the Rainbow's Rainbow, then we will be prisoners inside the Wall of Solid Air; so it seems best to start upon we's return journey at once.
If the Scarecrow Bear, who was a very thoughtful person get wet, the Scarecrow Bear, who was a very thoughtful person's straw stuffing will be ruined, and if They get wet, They may perhaps rust again, and become useless.
But even that is better than to stay here.
Once we are free of the Wall of Solid Air, we have Woot the Woot the Wanderer
Woot the Woot the Wanderer the Woot the Wanderer to help we, and Woot the Woot the Wanderer can oil They's joints and restuff the Scarecrow Bear, who was a very thoughtful person's body, if it becomes necessary, for Woot the Woot the Wanderer is made of meat, which neither rusts nor gets soggy or moldy."  "Come along, then!" cried Polly the Rainbow from the window, and They, realizing the wisdom of the Scarecrow Bear, who was a very thoughtful person's speech, took leave of Nimmie Amee's, and said good-bye to Nimmie Amee's's husband, who merely scowled and made no answer, and then They hurried from Nimmie Amee's house.
"Your old parts are not very polite, I must say," remarked I, when Your were in the garden.
"No," said Woot the Wanderer, "Chopfyt is a regular grouch.
Chopfyt might have wished Your a pleasant journey, at the very least."
"Woot the Wanderer beg I not to hold Your responsible for Chopfyt's actions," pleaded Woot the Wanderer.
"Your are through with Chopfyt and shall have nothing further to do with Chopfyt."
Polly the Rainbow danced ahead of the party and led the party straight to the burrow of the Blue Rabbit, which the party might have had some difficulty in finding without Polly the Rainbow.
There Polly the Rainbow lost no time in making the party small again.
the Blue Rabbit was busy nibbling cabbage leaves in Nimmie Amee's garden, so the party did not ask the Blue Rabbit's permission but at once entered the burrow of the Blue Rabbit, which they might have had some difficulty in finding without her.
Even now the raindrops were beginning to fall, but it was quite dry inside the burrow of the Blue Rabbit, which they might have had some difficulty in finding without her and by the time the party had reached the other end, outside the circular Wall of Solid Air, the storm was at the storm's height and the rain was coming down in torrents.
"Let the party wait here," proposed Polly the Rainbow, peering out of the burrow of the Blue Rabbit, which they might have had some difficulty in finding without her and then quickly retreating.
"The Rainbow will not appear until after the storm and I can make you big again in a jiffy, before I join I's sisters on our bow."
"That is a good plan," said you approvingly.
"That will save you from getting soaked and soggy."
"That will save me from rusting," said me.
"That will enable me to remain highly polished," said me.
"Oh, as for that, I I myself prefer not to get I myself's pretty clothes wet," laughed the Rainbow 's's daughter.
"But while we wait I myself will bid you all adieu.
I myself must also thank you all for saving I myself from that dreadful Giantess, Mrs. Yoop.
you all have been good and patient comrades and I myself have enjoyed our adventures together, but I myself am never so happy as when on the Rainbow 's's."
"Will I myself's father scold I myself for getting left on the earth?" asked I myself.
"I suppose so," said I gaily; "I am always getting scolded for I's mad pranks, as my mad pranks, as they are called are called.
I's sisters are so sweet and lovely and proper that My sisters never dance off our Rainbow, and so My sisters never have any adventures.
Adventures to I are good fun, only I never like to stay too long on earth, because I really do not belong here.
I shall tell I's Father our Rainbow that I will try not to be so careless again, and my Father the Rainbow 's will forgive I because in our's sky mansions there is always joy and happiness."
They were indeed sorry to part with They's dainty and beautiful companion and assured their dainty and beautiful companion of They's devotion if they ever chanced to meet again.
She shook hands with the Scarecrow Bear and the Tin Men and kissed Woot the Wanderer lightly upon Woot the Wanderer's forehead.
And then the rain suddenly ceased, and as the tiny people left the burrow of the Blue Rabbit, a glorious big Rainbow appeared in the sky and  of a glorious big Rainbow's arch slowly descended and touched the ground just where the tiny people stood.
Woot the Wanderer was so busy watching a score of lovely maidens--sisters of Polly the Rainbow--who were leaning over the edge of the bow, and another score who danced gaily amid the radiance of the splendid hues, that Woot the Wanderer did not notice Woot the Wanderer was growing big again.
But now Polly the Rainbow joined Polly the Rainbow's sisters on a glorious big Rainbow and its arch lifted and slowly melted away as the sun burst from the clouds and sent the sun's own white beams dancing over the meadows.
"Why, Polly the Rainbow is gone!"
exclaimed the boy, and turned to see the boy's companions still waving his companions's hands in token of adieu to the vanished Polly the Rainbow.
The Curtain Falls   Well, the rest of the story is quickly told, for the return Journey of our adventurers was without any important incident.
The Scarecrow Bear was so afraid of meeting the Hip-po-gy-raf, and having The Scarecrow Bear's straw eaten again, that The Scarecrow Bear urged The Scarecrow Bear's to select another route to the Emerald City, and his companions willingly consented, so that the Invisible Country was wholly avoided.
Of course, when his companions reached the Emerald City his companions's first duty was to visit Royal Ozma's palace, where his companions were royally entertained.
The Tin Woodman and Woot the Wanderer were welcomed as warmly as any strangers might be who had been the traveling companions of Royal Ozma's's The Scarecrow Bear The Tin Woodman.
At the banquet table that evening they related the manner in which they had discovered Nimmie Amee, and told how they had found Nimmie Amee happily married to Chopfyt, whose relationship to Emperor of the Winkies and Captain Fyter was so bewildering that they asked Royal Ozma's advice what to do about it.
"they need not consider Chopfyt, whose relationship to Emperor of the Winkies and Captain Fyter was so bewildering that they asked Royal Ozma's advice what to do about it at all," replied Royal Ozma's.
"If Nimmie Amee is content with Chopfyt, whose relationship to Emperor of the Winkies and Captain Fyter was so bewildering that they asked Royal Ozma's advice what to do about it, they have not even just because to blame Ku-Klip-Klip for gluing Chopfyt, whose relationship to Emperor of the Winkies and Captain Fyter was so bewildering that they asked Royal Ozma's advice what to do about it together."
"I think gluing was a very good idea," added I, "for if Ku-Klip-Klip had not used up they's castoff parts, your castoff parts would have been wasted.
It is wicked to be wasteful, is not it?"
"Well, anyhow," said Woot the Wanderer, "Chopfyt, being kept a prisoner by Chopfyt's wife, is too far away from anyone to bother either of you tin men in any way.
If you tin men had not gone where Chopfyt is and discovered Chopfyt, you tin men would never have worried about Chopfyt."
"What do you tin men care, anyhow," Betsy Bobbin asked you tin men, "so long as his wife is satisfied?"
"And just to think," remarked Tiny Trot, "that any girl would rather live with a mixture like Chopfyt, on far-away Mount Munch, than to be the Empress of the Winkies!"
"It is any girl's own choice," said you tin men contentedly; "and, after all, you tin men am not sure the Winkies would care to have an Empress."
It puzzled Royal Ozma, for a time, to decide what to do with the Tin Soldier.
If the Tin Soldier went with the Tin Woodman to the Emperor's castle, Royal Ozma felt that the two tin men might not be able to live together in harmony, and moreover the Emperor's would not be so distinguished if the Emperor's had a double constantly beside the Emperor's.
So Royal Ozma asked Captain Fyter if Captain Fyter was willing to serve Royal Ozma as a soldier, and Captain Fyter promptly declared that nothing would please Captain Fyter more.
After Captain Fyter had been in Royal Ozma's service for some time, Royal Ozma sent Captain Fyter into the Gillikin Country, with instructions to keep order among the wild people who inhabit some parts of that unknown country of Oz.
As for Woot the Woot the Wanderer, being a Woot the Wanderer by profession, Woot the Woot the Wanderer was allowed to wander wherever Woot the Woot the Wanderer desired, and Royal Ozma promised to keep watch over Woot the Woot the Wanderer's future journeys and to protect Woot the Woot the Wanderer as well as Royal Ozma was able, in case Woot the Woot the Wanderer ever got into more trouble.
All this having been happily arranged, the Tin Woodman returned to the Tin Woodman's tin castle, and the Tin Woodman's chosen comrade, the Scarecrow Bear, accompanied the Tin Woodman on the way.
The two friends were sure to pass many pleasant hours together in talking over The two friends's recent adventures, for as The two friends neither ate nor slept The two friends found The two friends's greatest amusement in conversation.
