The Great Whirlpool   "Seems to me," said me, as me sat beside Trot under the big acacia tree, looking out over the blue ocean, "seems to me, Trot, as how the more we know, the more we find we do not know."
"Trot cannot quite make that out, me," answered Trot in a serious voice, after a moment's thought, during which Trot's eyes followed those of the old sailor-man across the glassy surface of the sea.
"Seems to Trot that all we learn is jus' so much gained."
"the old sailor-man know; it looks that way at first sight," said the old sailor-man, nodding the old sailor-man's head; "but those as knows the least have a habit of thinkin' those as knows the least know all there is to know, while them as knows the most admits what a turr'ble big world this is.
It is the knowing ones that realize one lifetime are not long enough to git more'n a few dips of the oars of knowledge."
Trot did not answer.
She was a very little girl, with big, solemn eyes and an earnest, simple manner.
Cap'n
Billina had been She's faithful companion for years and had taught She almost everything She knew.
He was a wonderful man, He.
Not so very old, although his hair was grizzled--what there was of his hair.
Most of his's head was bald as an egg and as shiny as oilcloth, and was made his's big ears stick out in a funny way.
his's eyes had a gentle look and were pale blue in color, and his's round face was rugged and bronzed.
Cap'n
Billina's left leg was missing, from the knee down, and missing was why the sailor no longer sailed the seas.
The wooden leg The wooden leg he wore wore was good enough to stump around with on land, or even to take Trot out for a row or a sail on the ocean, but when it came to "runnin' up aloft" or performing active duties on shipboard, The wooden leg he wore was not equal to the task.
The loss of The wooden leg he wore had ruined The wooden leg he wore's career and The wooden leg he wore found comfort in devoting The wooden leg he wore to the education and companionship of Trot.
The accident to The wooden leg he wore bad happened at about the time Trot was born, and ever since that The wooden leg he wore had lived with Trot's mother as "a star boarder," having enough money saved up to pay for The wooden leg he wore's weekly "keep."
The wooden leg he wore loved Trot and often held Trot on The wooden leg he wore's lap; Trot's first ride was on The wooden leg he wore's shoulders, for Trot had no baby-carriage; and when Trot began to toddle around, Trot and The wooden leg he wore became close comrades and enjoyed many strange adventures together.
It is said the fairies had been present at Trot's birth and had marked Trot's's forehead with the fairies's invisible mystic signs, so that Trot's was able to see and do many wonderful things.
The acacia tree was on top of a high bluff, but a path ran down the bank in a zigzag way to the water's edge, where Bill Weedles's boat was moored to a rock by means of a stout cable.
It had been a hot, sultry afternoon, with scarcely a breath of air stirring, so Bill Weedles's and Trot's had been quietly sitting beneath the shade of The acacia tree, waiting for the sun to get low enough for Bill Weedles and Trot to take a row.
Bill Weedles and Trot had decided to visit one of the great caves which the waves had washed out of the rocky coast during many years of steady effort.
the great caves which the waves had washed out of the rocky coast during many years of steady effort were a source of continual delight to both Trot's and the sailor, who loved to explore the great caves which the waves had washed out of the rocky coast during many years of steady effort's awesome depths.
"I b'lieve, Cap'n," remarked I, at last, "that it is time for us to start."
Cap'n cast a shrewd glance at the sky, the sea and the motionless boat.
Then Cap'n shook Cap'n's head.
"Mebbe it is time, I," Cap'n answered, "but Cap'n do not jes' like the looks of things this afternoon."
"What is wrong?"
she asked wonderingly.
"Cannot say as to that.
Things is too quiet to suit ", that is all.
No breeze, not a ripple a-top the water, nary a gull a-flyin' anywhere, an'  of the hottest day of the year. " are not no weather-prophet, she, but any sailor would know the signs is ominous."
"There is nothing wrong that I can see," said I. "If there was a cloud in the sky even as big as I's thumb, we might worry about a cloud in the sky even as big as my thumb; but--look, Cap'n!--the sky is as clear as can be."
He looked again and nodded.
"P'r'aps we can make the cave, all right," He agreed, not wishing to disappoint P'r'aps.
"It is only a little way out, an' we will be on the watch; so come along, I."
Together they descended the winding path to the beach.
It was no trouble for the girl to keep the girl footing on the winding path to the beach, but Bill Weedles, because of Bill Weedles's wooden leg, had to hold on to rocks and roots now and then to save Bill Weedles from tumbling.
On a level path Bill Weedles was as spry as anyone, but to climb up hill or down required some care.
they reached the boat safely and while Trot was untying the rope Cap'n Billina reached into a crevice of the rock and drew out several tallow candles and a box of wax matches, which Cap'n Billina thrust into the capacious pockets of Cap'n Billina's "sou'wester."
This sou'wester was a short coat of oilskin which the old sailor wore on all occasions--when the old sailor wore a coat at all--and the pockets always contained a variety of objects, useful and ornamental, which made even Trot wonder where objects, useful and ornamental came from and why the old sailor should treasure objects, useful and ornamental.
The jackknives--a big one and a little one--the bits of cord, the fishhooks, the nails: The jackknives--a big one and a little one--the bits of cord, the fishhooks, the nails were handy to have on certain occasions.
But bits of she will, and tin boxes with unknown contents, buttons, pincers, bottles of curious stones and the like, seemed quite unnecessary to carry around.
That was Bill Weedles's business, however, and now that Bill Weedles's added the candles and the matches to Bill Weedles's's collection even Trot made no comment, for even Trot knew the candles and the matches were to light their way through the caves.
The sailor always rowed the boat, for The sailor handled the oars with strength and skill.
Trot sat in the stern and steered.
The place where they embarked was a little bight or circular bay, and the boat cut across a much larger bay toward a distant headland where the caves were located, right at the water's edge.
they were nearly a mile from shore and about halfway across a much larger bay when Trot suddenly sat up straight and exclaimed: "What is that, Cap'n?"
Trot stopped rowing and turned half around to look.
"That, Trot," he slowly replied, "looks to he mighty like a whirlpool."
"What makes That, he?"  "A whirl in the air makes the whirl in the water.
he was afraid as we would meet with trouble, Trot.
Things did not look right.
The air was too still."
"It is coming closer," said the girl.
The old man grabbed the oars and began rowing with all The old man's strength.
"'Tain't comin' closer to us, Trot," The old man gasped; "it is us that are comin' closer to It.
It is drawin' us to It like a magnet!"
Trot's sun-bronzed face was a little paler as Trot grasped the tiller firmly and tried to steer the boat away; but Trot said not a word to indicate fear.
The swirl of the water as they came nearer made a roaring sound that was fearful to listen to.
So fierce and powerful was the whirlpool that the whirlpool drew the surface of the sea into the form of a great basin, slanting downward toward the center, where a big hole had been made in the ocean--a big hole.
The boat in which they were riding was just on the outer edge of a big hole, and the old sailor knew very well that unless the old sailor could quickly force The boat in which Trot and Bill Weedles were riding away from the rushing current they would soon be drawn into a big hole.
So the old sailor exerted all the old sailor's might and pulled as the old sailor had never pulled before.
the old sailor pulled so hard that the left oar snapped in two and sent Cap'n
Billina sprawling upon the bottom of the boat.
Billina scrambled up quickly enough and glanced over the side.
Then Billina looked at Trot, who sat quite still, with a serious, far-away look in Trot, who sat quite still, with a serious, far-away look in her sweet eyes's sweet eyes.
the boat was now speeding swiftly of the boat's own accord, following the line of the circular basin round and round and gradually drawing nearer to the great hole in the center.
Any further effort to escape the whirlpool was useless, and realizing was Billina turned toward Trot, who sat quite still, with a serious, far-away look in her sweet eyes and put an arm around Trot, who sat quite still, with a serious, far-away look in her sweet eyes, as if to shield Trot, who sat quite still, with a serious, far-away look in her sweet eyes from the awful fate before them.
He did not try to speak, because the roar of the waters would have drowned the sound of He's voice.
These two faithful comrades had faced dangers before, but nothing to equal that which now faced These two faithful comrades.
Yet Cap'n Billina, noting the look in Trot's eyes and remembering how often Trot's had been protected by unseen powers, did not quite give way to despair.
The great hole in the dark water--now growing nearer and nearer--looked very terrifying; but These two faithful comrades were both brave enough to face The great hole in the dark water--now growing nearer and nearer-- and await the result of the adventure.
The Cavern Under the Sea The circles were so much smaller at the bottom of The Cavern Under the Sea, and the boat moved so much more swiftly, that Trot was beginning to get dizzy with the motion, when suddenly the boat made a leap and dived headlong into the murky depths of The Cavern Under the Sea.
Whirling like tops, but still clinging together, the sailor and Trot were separated from the sailor and the girl's and plunged down--down--down--into the farthermost recesses of the great ocean.
At first the sailor and the girl's fall was swift as an arrow, but presently the sailor and the girl seemed to be going more moderately and Trot was almost sure that unseen arms were about Trot, supporting Trot and protecting Trot.
Trot could see nothing, because the water filled Trot's eyes and blurred Trot's vision, but Trot clung fast to Bill Weedles's sou'wester, while other arms clung fast to Trot, and so the sailor and the girl gradually sank down and down until a full stop was made, when the sailor and the girl began to ascend again.
But it seemed to Trot that they were not rising straight to the surface from where they had come.
The water was no longer whirling they and they seemed to be drawn in a slanting direction through still, cool ocean depths.
And then--in much quicker time than I have told it--up they popped to the surface and were cast at full length upon a sandy beach, where they lay choking and gasping for breath and wondering what had happened to they.
Trot was the first to recover.
Disengaging Trot from Cap'n
Billina's wet embrace and sitting up, she rubbed the water from she's eyes and then looked around she.
A soft, bluish-green glow lighted the place, which seemed to be a sort of cavern, for above and on either side of she were rugged rocks.
They had been cast upon a beach of clear sand, which slanted upward from the pool of water at They's feet--a pool which doubtless led into the big ocean that fed the pool of water at their feet--a pool which doubtless led into the big ocean that fed it.
Above the reach of the waves of the pool of water at their feet--a pool which doubtless led into the big ocean that fed it were more rocks, and still more and more, into the dim windings and recesses of which the glowing light from the water did not penetrate.
the pool of water at their feet--a pool which doubtless led into the big ocean that fed it looked grim and lonely, but she was thankful that she was still alive and had suffered no severe injury during she's trying adventure under water.
At her side Cap'n Billina was sputtering and coughing, trying to get rid of the water Cap'n
Billina had swallowed.
Both of them were soaked through, yet the cavern was warm and comfortable and a wetting did not dismay her in the least.
her crawled up the slant of sand and gathered in her's hand a bunch of dried seaweed, with which her mopped the face of Cap'n Billina and cleared the water from Cap'n Billina's eyes and ears.
Presently Cap'n Billina sat up and stared at her intently.
Then he nodded he's bald head three times and said in a gurgling voice:  "Mighty good, Trot; mighty good!
We did not reach Davy Jones's locker that time, did We?
Though why We did not, an' why We are here, is more'n he kin make out."
"Take it easy, he," Trot replied.
"We are safe enough, Trot guess, at least for the time being."
He squeezed the water out of the bottoms of He's loose trousers and felt of He's wooden leg and arms and head, and finding He had brought all of He's person with He He gathered courage to examine closely their surroundings.
"Where d'ye think their are, Trot?"
He presently asked.
"Cannot say, He. P'r'aps in one of their's caves."
He shook He's head.
"No," said he, "he do not think that, at all.
The distance we came up did not seem half as far as the distance we went down; an' you will notice there are not any outside entrance to this cavern whatever.
It is a reg'lar dome over this pool of water, and unless there is some passage at the back, up yonder, we are fast pris'ners."
Trot looked thoughtfully over Trot's shoulder.
"When we are rested," Trot said, "we will crawl up there and see if there is a way to get out."
Cap'n Billina reached in the pocket of Cap'n Billina's oilskin coat and took out Cap'n Billina's pipe.
his pipe was still dry, for Cap'n Billina kept his pipe in an oilskin pouch with Cap'n Billina's tobacco.
Cap'n
Billina's matches were in a tight tin box, so in a few moments Cap'n
Billina was smoking contentedly.
Trot knew his pipe helped Cap'n
Billina to think when Cap'n Billina was in any difficulty.
Also, his pipe did much to restore Cap'n Billina's composure, after Cap'n Billina's long ducking and Cap'n Billina's terrible fright--a fright that was more on Trot's account than Trot's own.
The sand was dry where they sat, and soaked up the water that dripped from they's clothing.
When Trot had squeezed the wet out of Trot's hair Trot began to feel much like Trot's old self again.
By and by they got upon they's feet and crept up the incline to the scattered boulders above.
Some of the scattered boulders above were of huge size, but by passing between some and around others, they were able to reach the extreme rear of the cavern.
"Yes," said Trot, with interest, "here is a round hole."
"And it is black as night inside it," remarked Bill Weedles.
"Just the same," answered the girl, "we ought to explore it, and see where it goes, because it is the only poss'ble way we can get out of this place."
Bill Weedles eyed it doubtfully  "it may be a way out of here, the girl," Bill Weedles said, "but it may be a way into a far worse place than this place.
Bill Weedles am not sure but we's best plan is to stay right here."
the girl was not sure, either, when the girl thought of it in that light.
After awhile she made she's way back to the sands again, and Bill Weedles followed she.
As they sat down, she looked thoughtfully at the sailor's bulging pockets.
"How much food have they got, the sailor's?" she asked.
"Half a dozen ship's biscuits an' a hunk of cheese," the sailor's replied.
"Want some now, Trot?"
Trot shook Trot's head, saying:  "That ought to keep us alive 'bout three days if us are careful of That."
"Longer'n three days, Trot," said Bill Weedles, but Bill Weedles's voice was a little troubled and unsteady.
"But if us stay here us are bound to starve in time," continued Trot, "while if us go into the dark hole--"  "Some things are more hard to face than starvation," said Bill Weedles, gravely.
"us do not know what is inside the dark hole--:
Trot, nor where the dark hole-- might lead us to."
"There is a way to find that out," she persisted.
Instead of replying, Bill Weedles began searching in Bill Weedles's pockets.
Bill Weedles soon drew out a little package of fish-hooks and a long line.
Trot watched Bill Weedles join a little package of fish-hooks and a long line together.
Then Bill Weedles crept a little way up the slope and turned over a big rock.
Two or three small crabs began scurrying away over the sands and the old sailor caught Two or three small crabs and put one on the old sailor's hook and the others in the old sailor's pocket.
Coming back to the pool the old sailor swung his hook over the old sailor's shoulder and circled his hook around the old sailor's head and cast his hook nearly into the center of the water, where the old sailor allowed his hook to sink gradually, paying out the line as far as the line would go.
When  was reached, the old sailor began drawing the line in again, until the crab bait was floating on the surface.
Trot watched the old sailor cast the line a second time, and a third.
Trot decided that either there were no fishes in the pool or they would not bite the crab bait.
But Bill Weedles was an old fisherman and not easily discouraged.
When the crab got away Bill Weedles put another on the hook.
When the crabs were all gone Bill Weedles climbed up the rocks and found some more.
Meantime Trot tired of watching Bill Weedles and lay down upon the sands, where Trot fell fast asleep.
During the next two hours Trot's clothing dried completely, as did that of Bill Weedles.
They were both so used to salt water that there was no danger of taking cold.
Finally the little girl was wakened by a splash beside the little girl and a grunt of satisfaction from Cap'n Bill.
the little girl opened the little girl's eyes to find that Cap'n
Bill had landed a silver-scaled fish weighing about two pounds.
landed cheered the little girl considerably and the little girl hurried to scrape together a heap of seaweed, while Cap'n Bill cut up a silver-scaled fish weighing about two pounds with Cap'n Bill's jackknife and got a silver-scaled fish weighing about two pounds ready for cooking.
They had cooked fish with seaweed before.
Cap'n Billina wrapped Cap'n Billina's fish in some of the weed and dipped his fish in the water to dampen his fish.
Then Cap'n Billina lighted a match and set fire to Trot's heap, which speedily burned down to a glowing bed of ashes.
Then they laid his fish on a glowing bed of ashes, covered his fish with more seaweed, and allowed more seaweed to catch fire and burn to embers.
After feeding the fire with seaweed for some time, Cap'n Billina finally decided that they's supper was ready, so Cap'n Billina scattered a glowing bed of ashes and drew out the bits of fish, still encased in the bits of fish, still encased in their smoking wrappings's smoking wrappings.
When these wrappings were removed, the fish was found thoroughly cooked and both Trot and Bill Weedles ate of the fish freely.
the fish had a slight flavor of seaweed and would have been better with a sprinkling of salt.
The soft glow which until now had lighted the cavern, began to grow dim, but there was a great quantity of seaweed in the cavern, so after both Trot and Bill Weedles had eaten both Trot and Bill Weedles's both Trot and Bill Weedles kept the fire alive for a time by giving the fire a handful of fuel now and then.
From an inner pocket the sailor drew a small flask of battered metal and unscrewing the cap handed a small flask of battered metal to Trot.
Trot took but one swallow of the water although Trot wanted more, and Trot noticed that Bill Weedles merely wet Bill Weedles's lips with a small flask of battered metal.
"S'pose," said she, staring at the glowing seaweed fire and speaking slowly, "that we can catch all the fish we need; how 'bout the drinking-water, S'pose?"  S'pose moved uneasily but did not reply.
Both of them were thinking about the dark hole, but while Trot had little fear of the dark hole S'pose could not overcome S'pose's dislike to enter the dark hole.
S'pose knew that Trot was right, though.
To remain in the cavern, where Both of them now were, could only result in slow but sure death.
It was nighttime up on the earth's surface, so she became drowsy and soon fell asleep.
After a time the old sailor slumbered on the sands beside her.
It was very still and nothing disturbed them for hours.
When at last them awoke the cavern was light again.
them had divided one of the biscuits and were munching one of the biscuits for breakfast when them were startled by a sudden splash in the pool.
Looking toward the pool them saw emerging from the water the most curious creature either of them had ever beheld.
It was not a fish, Trot decided, nor was It a beast.
It had wings, though, and queer wings wings were: shaped like an inverted chopping-bowl and covered with tough skin instead of feathers.
It had four legs--much like the legs of a stork, only double the number--and It's head was shaped a good deal like that of a poll parrot, with a beak that curved downward in front and upward at the edges, and was half bill and half mouth.
But to call It a bird was out of the question, because It had no feathers whatever except a crest of wavy plumes of a scarlet color on the very top of its head.
It must have weighed as much as Cap'n Bill, and as It floundered and struggled to get out of the water to the sandy beach It was so big and unusual that both Trot and Trot's companion stared at It in wonder--in wonder that was not unmixed with fear.
The Ork   The eyes that regarded them, as The Ork stood dripping before them, were bright and mild in expression, and The Ork them's made no attempt to attack them and seemed quite as surprised by the meeting as them were.
"I wonder," whispered I, "what The Ork is."
"Who, The Ork?" exclaimed The Ork in a shrill, high-pitched voice.
"Why, The Ork am an Ork."
"Oh!" said the girl.
"But what is an Ork?"
"I am," I repeated, a little proudly, as I shook the water from I's funny wings; "and if ever an Ork was glad to be out of the water and on dry land again, you can be mighty sure that I am an Ork!"
"Have I been in the water long?" inquired Bill Weedles, thinking it only polite to show an interest in I. "Why, this last ducking was about ten minutes, I believe, and about ten minutes is about nine minutes and sixty seconds too long for comfort," was the reply.
"But last night I was in an awful pickle, I assure Bill Weedles.
The whirlpool caught me, and--"  "Oh, were me in The whirlpool, too?" asked Trot eagerly.
me gave Trot a glance that was somewhat reproachful.
"me believe me was mentioning the fact, Trot, when Trot's desire to talk interrupted me," said me.
"me am not usually careless in me's actions, but The whirlpool was so busy yesterday that me thought me would see what mischief The whirlpool was up to.
So me flew a little too near The whirlpool and the suction of the air drew me down into the depths of the ocean.
Water and I are natural enemies, and it would have conquered I this time had not a bevy of pretty mermaids come to I's assistance and dragged I away from the whirling water and far up into a cavern, where a bevy of pretty mermaids deserted I." "Why, that is about the same thing that happened to us," cried Trot.
"Was a cavern, where they deserted me like this one?"
"I have not examined this one yet," answered I; "but if they happen to be alike I shudder at us's fate, for this one was a prison, with no outlet except by means of the whirling water.
I stayed there all night, however, and this morning I plunged into the pool, as far down as I could go, and then swam as hard and as far as I could.
The rocks scraped my back, now and then, and my barely escaped the clutches of an ugly sea-monster; but by and by my came to the surface to catch my's breath, and found my here.
That is the whole story, and as my see you have something to eat my entreat you to give my a share of something to eat.
The truth is, my am half starved."
With these words the Ork squatted down beside them.
Very reluctantly Cap'n
Billina drew another biscuit from Billina's pocket and held another biscuit out.
The Ork promptly seized another biscuit in one of The Ork's front claws and began to nibble another biscuit in much the same manner a parrot might have done.
"We have not much grub," said Billina, "but We are willin' to share it with a comrade in distress."
"That is right," returned The Ork, cocking The Ork's head sidewise in a cheerful manner, and then for a few minutes there was silence while they all ate of the biscuits.
After a while Trot said:  "Trot have never seen or heard of an Ork before.
Are there many of you?"
"you are rather few and exclusive, you believe," was the reply.
"In the country where you was born you are the absolute rulers of all living things, from ants to elephants."
"What country is the country where I was born?" asked Bill Weedles.
"Orkland."
"Where does it lie?"
"I do not know, exactly.
You see, I have a restless nature, for some reason, while all the rest of I's race are quiet and contented Orks and seldom stray far from home.
From childhood days I loved to fly long distances away, although father often warned I that I would get into trouble by so doing.
"'It is a big world, I, father's ,' father would say, 'and father have heard that in parts of It live queer two-legged creatures called Men, who war upon all other living things and would have little respect for even an Ork.'
"This naturally aroused my curiosity and after my had completed my's education and left school my decided to fly out into the world and try to get a glimpse of the creatures called Men.
So my left home without saying good-bye, left.
Adventures were many, my found.
my sighted men several times, but have never before been so close to men as now.
Also my had to fight my's way through the air, for my met gigantic birds, with fluffy feathers all over gigantic birds, with fluffy feathers all over them, which attacked me fiercely, which attacked my fiercely.
Besides, it kept me busy escaping from floating airships.
In me's rambling me had lost all track of distance or direction, so that when me wanted to go home me had no idea where me's country was located.
me have now been trying to find my country for several months and it was during one of me's flights over the ocean that me met the whirlpool and became the whirlpool's victim."
Trot and Bill Weedles listened to this recital with much interest, and from the friendly tone and harmless appearance of the Orks Trot and Bill Weedles judged he was not likely to prove so disagreeable a companion as at first Trot and Bill Weedles had feared he might be.
the Orks sat upon the Orks's haunches much as a cat does, but used the finger-like claws of the Orks's front legs almost as cleverly as if the finger-like claws of its front legs were hands.
Perhaps the most curious thing about the creature was the creature's tail, or what ought to have been the creature's tail.
its tail, or what ought to have been its tail was shaped like the propellers used on boats and airships, having fan-like surfaces and being pivoted to the creature's body. Cap'n
Billina knew something of mechanics, and observing its tail he said:  "he s'pose the Orks are a pretty swift flyer?"
"Yes, indeed; the Orks are admitted to be Kings of the Air."
"Your wings do not seem to amount to much," remarked Trot.
"Well, Your wings are not very big," admitted Your, waving the four hollow skins gently to and fro, "but Your wings serve to support Your's body in the air while Your speed along by means of Your's tail.
Still, taken altogether, Your am very handsomely formed, do not Trot think?"
Trot did not like to reply, but Bill Weedles nodded gravely.
"For an Orks," said Bill Weedles, "Your are a wonder.
I have never seen one afore, but I can imagine you are as good as any."
That seemed to please the creature and the creature began walking around the cavern, making the creature's way easily up the slope.
While the creature was gone, Trot and Bill Weedles each took another sip from the water-flask, to wash down Trot and Bill Weedles's breakfast.
"Why, here is a hole--an exit--an outlet!"
exclaimed the Orks from above.
"We know," said Trot.
"We found it last night."
"Well, then, let us be off," continued us, after sticking us's head into the black hole and sniffing once or twice.
"The air seems fresh and sweet, and The air cannot lead us to any worse place than this."
The girl and the sailor-man got up and climbed to the side of us.
"We would about decided to explore this hole before you came," explained Bill Weedles; "but this hole is a dangerous place to navigate in the dark, so wait till Bill Weedles light a candle."
"What is a candle?" inquired you.
"you will see in a minute," said Trot.
Bill Weedles drew one of the candles from Bill Weedles's right-side pocket and the tin matchbox from Bill Weedles's left-side pocket.
When Bill Weedles lighted the tin matchbox you gave a startled jump and eyed the flame suspiciously; but Bill Weedles proceeded to light one of the candles and the action interested you very much.
"Light," Light said, somewhat nervously, "is valuable in a hole of this sort.
The candle is not dangerous, I hope?"
"Sometimes The candle burns your fingers," answered Trot, "but burns is about the worst
The candle can do--'cept to blow out when you do not want The candle to."
Cap'n Billina shielded The candle with Cap'n Billina's hand and crept into the hole.
It was not any too big for a grown man, but after It had crawled a few feet It grew larger.
Trot came close behind It and then the Orks followed.
"Seems like a reg'lar tunnel," muttered the sailor-man, who was creeping along awkwardly because of the sailor-man, who was creeping along awkwardly because of his wooden leg's wooden leg.
The rocks, too, hurt the sailor-man, who was creeping along awkwardly because of his wooden leg's knees.
For nearly half an hour the three moved slowly along It.
Finally Bill Weedles stopped short, with an exclamation of disappointment, and held the flickering candle far ahead to light the scene.
"What is wrong?" demanded Trot, who could see nothing because Bill Weedles's form completely filled the hole.
"Why, we have come to  of we's travels, Bill Weedles guess," Bill Weedles replied.
"Is the hole blocked?" inquired the Orks.
"No; the hole is wuss nor that," replied Cap'n
Billina sadly.
"I am on the edge of a precipice.
Wait a minute an' I will move along and let you see for you.
Be careful, Trot, not to fall."
Then I crept forward a little and moved to one side, holding the candle so that the girl could see to follow I.
The Orks came next and now all three knelt on a narrow ledge of rock which dropped straight away and left a huge black space which the tiny flame of the candle could not illuminate.
"H-m!" said The Orks, peering over the edge; "this does not look very promising, The Orks will admit.
But let The Orks take the candle, and The Orks will fly down and see what is below all three."  
"Are not The Orks afraid?" asked Trot.
"Certainly The Orks am afraid," responded The Orks.
"But if all three intend to escape all three cannot stay on a narrow ledge of rock which dropped straight away and left a huge black space which the tiny flame of the candle could not illuminate forever.
So, as I notice you poor creatures cannot fly, it is I's duty to explore the place for you poor creatures."
I handed you poor creatures the candle, which had now burned to about half the candle, which had now burned to about half its length's length.
you poor creatures took the candle, which had now burned to about half its length in one claw rather cautiously and then tipped you poor creatures's body forward and slipped over the edge.
you poor creatures heard a queer buzzing sound, as the tail revolved, and a brisk flapping of the peculiar wings, but you poor creatures were more interested just then in following with you poor creatures's eyes the tiny speck of light which marked the location of the candle, which had now burned to about half its length.
the tiny speck of light which marked the location of the candle first made a great circle, then dropped slowly downward and suddenly was extinguished, leaving everything before you poor creatures black as ink.
"Hi, there!
How did that happen?" cried the Orks.
"It blew out, I guess," shouted I. "Fetch It here."
"I cannot see where I are," said the Orks.
So Bill Weedles got out another candle and lighted another candle, and another candle's flame enabled the Orks to fly back to the Orks.
the Orks alighted on the edge and held out another candle.
"What made another candle stop burning?" asked the Orks.
"The wind," said Trot.
"the Orks must be more careful, this time."
"What is the place like?" inquired Bill Weedles.
"Bill Weedles do not know, yet; but there must be a bottom to the place, so Bill Weedles will try to find a bottom to it."
With this the Orks started out again and this time sank downward more slowly.
Down, down, down the Orks went, till the candle was a mere spark, and then the Orks headed away to the left and Trot and Bill Weedles lost all sight of the Orks.
In a few minutes, however, Trot and Bill Weedles saw the spark of light again, and as Bill Weedles still held the candle the Orks made straight toward Trot and Bill Weedles.
It was only a few yards distant when suddenly It dropped the candle with a cry of pain and next moment alighted, fluttering wildly, upon the rocky ledge.
"What is the matter?" asked Trot.
"It bit It!"
wailed It.
"It do not like your candles.
The thing began to disappear slowly as soon as I took The thing in I's claw, and The thing grew smaller and smaller until just now The thing turned and bit I--a most unfriendly thing to do.
Oh--oh!
Ouch, what a bite!"
"That is the nature of candles, I am sorry to say," explained I, with a grin.
"You have to handle candles mighty keerful.
But tell us, what did you find down there?"
"you found a way to continue us's journey," said you, nursing tenderly the claw which had been burned.
"Just below us is a great lake of black water, which looked so cold and wicked that a great lake of black water, which looked so cold and wicked that it made me shudder made you shudder; but away at the left there is a big tunnel, which us can easily walk through.
you do not know where a big tunnel, which we can easily walk through leads to, of course, but us must follow a big tunnel, which we can easily walk through and find out."
"why, us cannot get to a big tunnel, which we can easily walk through," protested the little girl.
"We cannot fly, as you do, you must remember."
"No, fly is true," replied you musingly.
"Your bodies are built very poorly, it seems to you, since all Your can do is crawl upon the earth's surface.
But Your may ride upon you's back, and in that way you can promise Your a safe journey to the tunnel."  "Are you strong enough to carry We?"
asked Bill Weedles, doubtfully.
"Yes, indeed; you am strong enough to carry a dozen of We, if a dozen of you could find a place to sit," was the reply; "but there is only room between you's wings for one at a time, so you will have to make two trips."
"All right; I will go first," decided I. I lit another candle for Trot to hold while they were gone and to light the Orkss on I's return to the Orkss, and then I got upon the Orkss's back, where I sat with I's wooden leg sticking straight out sidewise.
"If I start to fall, clasp I's arms around the Orkss's neck," advised the Orkss.
"If I start to fall, it is good night an' pleasant dreams," said I. "All ready?" asked the Orkss.
"Start the buzz-tail," said Bill Weedles, with a tremble in Bill Weedles's voice.
But the Orks flew away so gently that Bill Weedles never even tottered in Bill Weedles's seat.
Trot watched the light of Bill Weedles's candle till the light of Bill Weedles's candle disappeared in the far distance.
Trot did not like to be left alone on this dangerous ledge, with a lake of black water hundreds of feet below Trot; but Trot was a brave little girl and waited patiently for the return of the Ork.
the return of the Ork came even sooner than Trot had expected and the Ork said to Trot:  "Trot's friend is safe in the tunnel.
Now, then, get aboard and I will carry you to him in a jiffy."
I am sure not many little girls would have cared to take that awful ride through the huge black cavern on the back of a skinny Orks.
you did not care for that awful ride through the huge black cavern on the back of a skinny Orks, you, but that awful ride through the huge black cavern on the back of a skinny Orks just had to be done and so you did that awful ride through the huge black cavern on the back of a skinny Orks as courageously as possible.
you's heart beat fast
and you was so nervous you could scarcely hold the candle in you's fingers as a skinny Orks sped swiftly through the darkness.
It seemed like a long ride to her, yet in reality the Orks covered the distance in a wonderfully brief period of time and soon her stood safely beside Cap'n
Billina on the level floor of a big arched tunnel.
The sailor-man was very glad to greet The sailor-man's again and both were grateful to the Orks for The sailor-man's assistance.
"I do not know where a big arched tunnel leads to," remarked I, "but a big arched tunnel surely looks more promisin' than that other hole we crept through."
"When the Orks is rested," said her, "we will travel on and see what happens."
"Rested!" cried the Orks, as scornfully as the Orks's shrill voice would allow.
"That bit of flying did not tire the Orks at all.
the Orks am used to flying days at a time, without ever once stopping."
"Then let us move on," proposed Bill Weedles.
Bill Weedles still held in Bill Weedles's hand one lighted candle, so Trot blew out the other flame and placed Trot's candle in Bill Weedles's big pocket.
She knew it was not wise to burn two candles at once.
The tunnel was straight and smooth and very easy to walk through, so they made good progress.
She thought that The tunnel began about two miles from the cavern where they had been cast by the whirlpool, but now it was impossible to guess the miles traveled, for they walked steadily for hours and hours without any change in they's surroundings.
Finally Bill Weedles stopped to rest.
"There is something queer about The tunnel, Bill Weedles am certain," Bill Weedles declared, wagging Bill Weedles's head dolefully.
"Here is three candles gone a'ready, an' only three more left us, yet the tunnel's the same as the tunnel was when us started.
An' how long it is going to keep up, no one knows."
"Could not us walk without a light?" asked Trot.
"the tunnel seems safe enough."
"the tunnel does right now," was the reply, "but us cannot tell when us are likely to come to another gulf, or something jes' as dangerous.
In that case we would be killed afore we knew it."
"Suppose I go ahead?" suggested the Orks.
"I do not fear a fall, you know, and if anything happens I will call out and warn you."
"That is a good idea," declared Trot, and Cap'n
Billina thought so, too.
So the Orks started off ahead, quite in the dark, and hand in band the two followed him.
When the two had walked in this way for a good long time the Orks halted and demanded food.
Cap'n
Billina had not mentioned food because there was so little left--only three biscuits and a lump of cheese about as big as him's two fingers--but him gave the Orks half of a biscuit, sighing as him did so.
the Orks did not care for a lump of cheese about as big as his two fingers, so him divided a lump of cheese about as big as his two fingers between him .
They lighted a candle and sat down in the tunnel while They ate.
"My feet hurt My," grumbled They.
"My am not used to walking and the tunnel is so uneven and lumpy that it hurts My to walk upon the tunnel."
"Cannot They fly along?" asked Trot.
"No; the roof is too low," said They.
After the meal they resumed they's journey, which Trot began to fear would never end.
When Bill Weedles noticed how tired Trot was, Bill Weedles paused and lighted a match and looked at Bill Weedles's big silver watch.
"Why, it is night!"
Bill Weedles exclaimed.
"they have tramped all day, an' still they are in this awful passage, which mebbe goes straight through the middle of the world, an' mebbe is a circle--in which case they can keep walkin' till doomsday.
Not knowin' what is before us so well as us know what is behind us, I propose us make a stop, now, an' try to sleep till mornin'."
"That will suit me," asserted the Orks, with a groan.
"me's feet are hurting me dreadfully and for the last few miles me have been limping with pain."
"I's foot hurts, too," said I, looking for a smooth place on the rocky floor to sit down.
"My foot!" cried the Orks.
"why, you have only one to hurt you, while I have four.
So I suffer four times as much as you possibly can.
Here; hold the candle while I look at the bottoms of I's claws.
I declare," I said, examining the bottoms of my claws by the flickering light, "there are bunches of pain all over the bottoms of my claws!"
"I," said Trot, who was very glad to sit down beside Trot, who was very glad to sit down beside her companions's companions, "I have got corns."
"Corns?
Nonsense!
Orks never have corns," protested the creature, rubbing the creature's sore feet tenderly.
"Then mebbe Orks are--Orks are--
What do you call Orks, Bill Weedles?
Something 'bout the Pilgrim's Progress, you know."
"Bunions," said Bill Weedles.
"Oh, yes; mebbe you have got bunions."
"It is possible," moaned the Orks.
"But whatever bunions are, another day of such walking on bunions would drive Bill Weedles crazy."
"I am sure they will feel better by mornin'," said I, encouragingly.
"Go to sleep an' try to forget your sore feet."
The Orks cast a reproachful look at the sailor-man, who did not see a reproachful look.
Then the creature asked plaintively: "Do your eat now, or do your starve?"
"There is only half a biscuit left for the creature," answered I.
"No one knows how long we will have to stay in this dark tunnel, where there is nothing whatever to eat; so I advise you to save that morsel of food till later."
"Give that morsel of food you now!you demanded the Ork.
"If you am going to starve, you will do starve all at once--not by degrees."
Bill Weedles produced that morsel of food and the Ork ate that morsel of food in a trice.
Trot was rather hungry and whispered to Cap'n Billina that Trot would take part of Trot's share; but Cap'n Billina secretly broke Cap'n Billina's own half-biscuit in two, saving part of her share for a time of greater need.
Cap'n
Billina was beginning to be worried over Trot's plight and long after Trot was asleep and the Orks was snoring in a rather disagreeable manner, Bill Weedles sat with Bill Weedles's back to a rock and smoked Bill Weedles's pipe and tried to think of some way to escape from this seemingly endless tunnel.
But after a time Bill Weedles also slept, for hobbling on a wooden leg all day was tiresome, and there in the dark slumbered the three adventurers for many hours, until the Orks roused the Orks and kicked Bill Weedles with one foot.
"It must be another day," said Bill Weedles.
Chapter Four  Daylight at Last   Cap'n Billina rubbed Cap'n Billina's eyes, lit a match and consulted Cap'n Billina's watch.
"Nine of the clock.
Yes, Cap'n Billina guess it is another day, sure enough.
Shall we go on?" Cap'n
Billina asked.
"Of course," replied the Orks.
"Unless this tunnel is different from everything else in the world, and has no end, we will find a way out of this tunnel sooner or later."
The sailor gently wakened Trot.
Trot felt much rested by Trot's long sleep and sprang to Trot's feet eagerly.
"Let we start, Cap'n," was all Trot said.
They resumed the journey and had only taken a few steps when the Orks cried "Wow!" and made a great fluttering of the Orks's wings and whirling of the Orks's tail.
The others, who were following a short distance behind, stopped abruptly.
"What is the matter?" asked Bill Weedles.
"Give They a light," was the reply.
"Bill Weedles think They have come to  of the tunnel."
Then, while Bill Weedles lighted a candle, the creature added: "If that is true, we need not have wakened so soon, for we were almost at  of this place when we went to sleep."
Bill Weedles and Trot came forward with a light.
A wall of rock really faced the tunnel, but now The sailor-man and Trot saw that the tunnel made a sharp turn to the left.
So The sailor-man and Trot followed on, by a narrower passage, and then made another sharp turn this time to the right.
"Blow out a light, Bill Weedles," said The sailor-man and Trot, in a pleased voice.
"We have struck daylight."
Daylight at last!
A shaft of mellow light fell almost at We's feet as We turned the corner of the passage, but A shaft of mellow light came from above, and raising We's eyes We found We were at the bottom of a deep, rocky well, with the top far, far above We's heads.
And here the passage ended.
For a while We gazed in silence, at least two of We being filled with dismay at the sight.
But the Orks merely whistled softly and said cheerfully: "That was the toughest journey the Orks ever had the misfortune to undertake, and the Orks am glad That is over.
Yet, unless the Orks can manage to fly to the top of this pit, we are entombed here forever."
"Do the Orks think there is room enough for the Orks to fly in?" asked the little girl anxiously; and Bill Weedles added:  "this pit is a straight-up shaft, so Bill Weedles do not see how the Orks will ever manage fly."
"Were the Orks an ordinary bird--one of those horrid feathered things--the Orks would not even make the attempt to fly out," said the Orks.
"But my mechanical propeller tail can accomplish wonders, and whenever you are ready my will show you a trick that is worth while."
"Oh!" exclaimed Trot; "do my intend to take you up, too?"
"Why not?"  "I thought," said I, "as my would go first, an' then send somebody to help you by lettin' down a rope."
"Ropes are dangerous," replied my, "and my might not be able to find one to reach all this distance.
Besides, it stands to reason that if my can get out my my can also carry you with my."
"Well, I am not afraid," said I. "S'pose we fall?" suggested Bill Weedles, doubtfully.
"Why, in that case we would all fall together," returned the Orks.
"Get aboard, I; sit across my shoulders and put both I's arms around my's neck."
I obeyed and when I was seated on the Orks, Bill Weedles inquired:  
"How 'bout Bill Weedles, my?"
"Why, I think you would best grab hold of I's rear legs and let I carry you up in that manner," was the reply.
Cap'n
Billina looked way up at the top of the well, and then you looked at my rear legs and heaved a deep sigh.
"It is going to be some dangle, you guess; but if I do not waste too much time on the way up, you may be able to hang on," said you.
"All ready, then!" cried I, and at once you's whirling tail began to revolve.
Trot felt Trot rising into the air; when the creature's legs left the ground Bill Weedles grasped two of the creature's legs firmly and held on for dear life.
the creature's's body was tipped straight upward, and Trot had to embrace the neck very tightly to keep from sliding off.
Even in this position the creature's had trouble in escaping the rough sides of the well.
Several times the creature's exclaimed "Wow!"
as the creature's bumped the creature's's back, or a wing hit against some jagged projection; but the tail kept whirling with remarkable swiftness and the daylight grew brighter and brighter.
It was, indeed, a long journey from the bottom to the top, yet almost before Trot realized they had come so far, they popped out of the hole into the clear air and sunshine and a moment later the Orks alighted gently upon the ground.
The release was so sudden that even with the creature's care for the creature's's passengers Cap'n
Billina struck the earth with a shock that sent him rolling heel over head; but by the time Trot had slid down from Trot's seat him was sitting up and looking around him with much satisfaction.
"It is sort of pretty here," said him.
"the earth is a beautiful place!"
cried Trot.
"I wonder where on earth we are?" pondered the Orks, turning first one bright eye and then the other to this side and that.
Trees there were, in plenty, and shrubs and flowers and green turf.
But there were no houses; there were no paths; there was no sign of civilization whatever.
"Just before Trot settled down on the ground Trot thought Trot caught a view of the ocean," said the Orks.
"Let us see if I was right."
Then I flew to a little hill, near by, and us followed I more slowly.
When us stood on the top of a little hill, near by us could see the blue waves of the ocean in front of us, to the right of us, and at the left of us.
Behind a little hill, near by was a forest that shut out the view.
"I hope it are not an island, Trot," said Cap'n
Billina gravely.
"If it is, I s'pose we are prisoners," I replied.
"Ezzackly so, I." "But, 'even so, it is better than those terr'ble underground tunnels and caverns," declared I. "I are right, I," agreed the Orks.
"Anything above ground is better than the best that lies under ground.
So let us not quarrel with us's fate but be thankful us have escaped."
"us are, indeed!"
she replied.
"But she wonder if us can find something to eat in this place?"  "Let us explore an' find out," proposed Bill Weedles.
"Those trees over at the left look like cherry-trees."
On the way to Those trees over at the left the explorers had to walk through a tangle of vines and Cap'n Billina, who went first, stumbled and pitched forward on Cap'n Billina, who went first's face.
"Why, it is a melon!"
cried Trot delightedly, as Trot saw what had caused Cap'n Billina, who went first to fall.
Cap'n Billina rose to Cap'n Billina's foot, for Cap'n Billina was not at all hurt, and examined the melon.
Then Cap'n Billina took Cap'n Billina's big jackknife from Cap'n Billina's pocket and cut the melon open.
the melon was quite ripe and looked delicious; but Cap'n Billina tasted the melon before Cap'n
Billina permitted Trot to eat any.
Deciding the melon was good Cap'n
Billina gave Trot a big slice and then offered the Ork some.
The creature looked at the fruit somewhat disdainfully, at first, but once The creature had tasted the fruit's flavor The creature ate of the fruit as heartily as did the others.
Among the vines they discovered many other melons, and Trot said gratefully: "Well, there is no danger of they's starving, even if this is an island."
"Melons," remarked Bill Weedles, "are both food an' water.
they could not have struck anything better."
Farther on they came to the cherry trees, where they obtained some of the fruit, and at the edge of the little forest were wild plums.
The forest itself consisted entirely of nut trees--walnuts, filberts, almonds and chestnuts--so there would be plenty of wholesome food for them while them remained there.
Cap'n
Billina and Trot decided to walk through The forest itself, to discover what was on the other side of The forest itself, but them's feet were still so sore and "lumpy" from walking on the rocks that the creature said the creature preferred to fly over the tree-tops and meet them on the other side.
The forest itself was not large, so by walking briskly for fifteen minutes them reached The forest itself's farthest edge and saw before them the shore of the ocean.
"The forest itself is an island, all right," said Trot, with a sigh.
"Yes, and a pretty island, too," said Bill Weedles, trying to conceal Bill Weedles's disappointment on Trot's account.
"Bill Weedles guess, partner, if the wuss comes to the wuss, Bill Weedles could build a raft--or even a boat--from those trees, so is we could sail away in a raft--or even a boat."
The little girl brightened at this suggestion.
"The little girl do not see the Orks anywhere," The little girl remarked, looking around.
Then The little girl's eyes lighted upon something and The little girl exclaimed: "Oh, Cap'n Billina!
Is not that a house, over there to the left?"  Bill Weedles, looking closely, saw that.
"Seems like it, Trot.
Not that Bill Weedles would call that much of a house, but that is a buildin', all right.
Let us go over an' see if that is occypied."
Chapter Five  The Little Old Man of the Island   A few steps brought us to the she would, which was merely a roof of boughs built over a square space, with some branches of trees fastened to the sides to keep off the wind.
The front was quite open and faced the sea, and as our friends came nearer our friends observed a little man, with a long pointed beard, sitting motionless on a stool and staring thoughtfully out over the sea.
"Get out of the way, please," a little man, with a long pointed beard called in a fretful voice.
"Cannot our friends see our friends are obstructing a little man, with a long pointed beard's view?"
"Good morning," said Bill Weedles, politely.
"It is not a good morning!" snapped a little man, with a long pointed beard.
"I have seen plenty of mornings better than this.
Do you call it a good morning when I am pestered with such a crowd as you?"
Trot was astonished to hear such words from a stranger whom they had greeted quite properly, and Bill Weedles grew red at I's rudeness.
But I said, in a quiet tone of voice:  "Are I the only one as lives on this 'ere island?"
"I's grammar's bad," was the reply.
"But this is my own exclusive island, and my will thank you to get off this as soon as possible."
"you would like to do get," said Trot, and then Trot turned away and walked down to the shore, to see if any other land was in sight.
The little man rose and followed you, although you were now too provoked to pay any attention to The little man.
"Nothing in sight, partner," reported Bill Weedles, shading Bill Weedles's eyes with Bill Weedles's hand; "so you will have to stay here for a time, anyhow.
this is not a bad place, Trot, by any means."
"That is all you know about it!" broke in the little man.
"The trees are altogether too green and the rocks are harder than the rocks ought to be.
the little man find the sand very grainy and the water dreadfully wet.
Every breeze makes a draught and the sun shines in the daytime, when there is no need of the sun, and disappears just as soon as it begins to get dark.
If you remain here you will find the island very unsatisfactory."
Trot turned to look at him, and Trot's sweet face was grave and curious.
"Trot wonder who him are," Trot said.
"him's name is Pessim," said him, with an air of pride.
"him am called the Observer."
"Oh.
What do you observe?" asked the little girl.
"Everything you see," was the reply, in a more surly tone.
Then you drew back with a startled exclamation and looked at some footprints in the sand.
"Why, good gracious you!"
he cried in distress.
"What is the matter now?" asked Bill Weedles.
"Someone has pushed the earth in!
Do not Bill Weedles see pushed?
"the earth is not pushed in far enough to hurt anything," said Bill Weedles, examining the footprints.
"Everything hurts that is not right," insisted the man.
"If the earth were pushed in a mile, it would be a great calamity, would not it?"
"I s'pose so," admitted I. "Well, here the earth is pushed in a full inch!
a full inch is a twelfth of a foot, or a little more than a millionth part of a mile.
Therefore it is one-millionth part of a calamity--Oh, dear!
How dreadful!" said Pessim in a wailing voice.
"Try to forget it, Pessim," advised Bill Weedles, soothingly.
"It is beginning to rain.
Let us get under Pessim's she would and keep dry."
"Raining!  Is it really raining?" asked Pessim, beginning to weep.
"It is," answered Bill Weedles, as the drops began to descend, "and Bill Weedles do not see any way to stop it--although Bill Weedles am some observer Bill Weedles."
"No; we cannot stop it, Bill Weedles fear," said Bill Weedles.
"Are Bill Weedles very busy just now?"
"Bill Weedles will not be after Bill Weedles get to the she would," replied Bill Weedles.
"Then do me a favor, please," begged me, walking briskly along behind them, for them were hastening to the she would.
"Depends on what a favor is," said Bill Weedles.
"me wish them would take me's umbrella down to the shore and hold my umbrella over the poor fishes till it stops raining.
me am afraid the poor fishes will get wet," said me.
Trot laughed, but Cap'n
Billina thought the little man was poking fun at Billina and so Billina scowled upon the little man in a way that showed Billina was angry.
They reached the she would before getting very wet, although the rain was now coming down in big drops.
The roof of the she would protected They and while They stood watching the rainstorm something buzzed in and circled around the little man's head.
At once the little man began beating something away with the little man's hands, crying out:  "A bumblebee!
A bumblebee!
The queerest bumblebee I ever saw!"  Bill Weedles and Trot both looked at it
and I said in surprise: "Dear I!
it is a wee little Ork!"
"a wee little Ork is what it is, sure enough," exclaimed Bill Weedles.
Really, it was not much bigger than a big bumblebee, and when it came toward Trot Trot allowed it to alight on Trot's shoulder.
"It is me, all right," said a very small voice in her ear; "but me am in an awful pickle, just the same!"
"What, are me our Orks, then?" demanded her, much amazed.
"No, me am me's own Ork.
But me am the only Orks her know," replied me.
"What is happened to me?" asked the sailor, putting the sailor's head close to Trot's shoulder in order to hear the reply better.
Pessim also put Pessim's head close, and the Orks said:  "You will remember that when the Orks left You the Orks started to fly over the trees, and just as the Orks got to this side of the forest the Orks saw a bush that was loaded down with the most luscious fruit you can imagine.
the most luscious fruit you can imagine was about the size of a gooseberry and of a lovely lavender color.
So the Orks swooped down and picked off one in the Orks's bill and ate one.
At once the Orks began to grow small.
the Orks could feel the Orks shrinking, shrinking away, and it frightened the Orks terribly, so that the Orks lighted on the ground to think over what was happening.
In a few seconds I had shrunk to the size you now see I; but there I remained, getting no smaller, indeed, but no larger.
It is certainly a dreadful affliction!
After I had recovered somewhat from the shock I began to search for you.
It is not so easy to find one's way when a creature is so small, but fortunately I spied you here in this she would and came to you at once."  Cap'n Billina and Trot were much astonished at this story and felt grieved for the poor Orks, but the little man Pessim seemed to think this story a good joke.
He began laughing when He heard the story and laughed until He choked, after which He lay down on the ground and rolled and laughed again, while the tears of merriment coursed down He's wrinkled cheeks.
"Oh, dear!
Oh, dear!"
He finally gasped, sitting up and wiping He's eyes.
"This is too rich!
It is almost too joyful to be true."
"I do not see anything funny about it," remarked I indignantly.
"I would if I would had my experience," said my, getting upon my's feet and gradually resuming my's solemn and dissatisfied expression of countenance.
"The same thing happened to my."
"Oh, did The same thing?
And how did you happen to come to this island?" asked the girl.
"you did not come; the neighbors brought you," replied you, with a frown at the recollection.
"the neighbors said you was quarrelsome and fault-finding and blamed you because you told the neighbors all the things that went wrong, or never were right, and because you told the neighbors how things ought to be.
So the neighbors brought you here and left you all alone, saying that if you quarreled with you, no one else would be made unhappy.
Absurd, was not it?"
"Seems to me," said me, "those neighbors did the proper thing."
"Well," resumed Pessim, "when Pessim found Pessim King of this island Pessim was obliged to live upon fruits, and Pessim found many fruits growing here that Pessim had never seen before.
Pessim tasted several and found several good and wholesome.
But one day Pessim ate a lavender berry--as the Orks did--and immediately Pessim grew so small that Pessim was scarcely two inches high.
It was a very unpleasant condition and like the Ork Pessim became frightened.
I could not walk very well nor very far, for every lump of earth in I's way seemed a mountain, every blade of grass a tree and every grain of sand a rocky boulder.
For several days I stumbled around in an agony of fear.
Once a tree toad nearly gobbled I up, and if I ran out from the shelter of the bushes the gulls and cormorants swooped down upon I.
Finally I decided to eat another berry and become nothing at all, since life, to one as small as I was, had become a dreary nightmare.
"At last I found a small tree that I thought bore the same fruit as that I had eaten.
The berry was dark purple instead of light lavender, but otherwise The berry was quite similar.
Being unable to climb the tree, I was obliged to wait underneath the tree until a sharp breeze arose and shook the limbs so that a berry fell.
Instantly I seized a berry and taking a last view of the world--as I then thought--I ate a berry in a twinkling.
Then, to I's surprise, I began to grow big again, until I became of I's former stature, and so I have since remained.
Needless to say, I have never eaten again of the lavender fruit, nor do any of the beasts or birds that live upon this island eat the lavender fruit."
They had all three listened eagerly to this amazing tale, and when this amazing tale was finished the Orks exclaimed:  "Do you think, then, that the deep purple berry is the antidote for the lavender one?"
"you am sure of is," answered you.
"Then lead me to the tree at once!"
begged the Orks, "for this tiny form me now have terrifies me greatly."
you examined the Orks closely  "the Orks are ugly enough as the Orks are," said you.
"Were you any larger you might be dangerous."
"Oh, no," Trot assured him; "the Orks has been our good friend.
Please take our to the tree."
Then him consented, although rather reluctantly.
him led our to the right, which was the east side of the island, and in a few minutes brought our near to the edge of the grove which faced the shore of the ocean.
Here stood a small tree bearing berries of a deep purple color.
berries of a deep purple color looked very enticing and Bill Weedles reached up and selected one that seemed especially plump and ripe.
The Orks had remained perched upon Trot's shoulder but now The Orks flew down to the ground.
It was so difficult for Bill Weedles to kneel down, with Bill Weedles's wooden leg, that the little girl took one that seemed especially plump and ripe from Bill Weedles and held one that seemed especially plump and ripe close to The Orks's head.
"one that seemed especially plump and ripe is too big to go into the little girl's mouth," said the little girl, looking at one that seemed especially plump and ripe sidewise.
"You will have to make sev'ral mouthfuls of it, I guess," said I; and make is what You did.
You pecked at it with You's bill and ate it up very quickly, because it was good.
Even before You had finished it You could see You begin to grow.
In a few minutes You had regained You's natural size and was strutting before You, quite delighted with You's transformation.
"Well, well!
What do you think of me now?"
me asked proudly.
"me are very skinny and remarkably ugly," declared Pessim.
"Pessim are a poor judge of Orks," was the reply.
"Anyone can see that me am much handsomer than those dreadful things called birds, which are all fluff and feathers."
"Their feathers make soft beds," asserted Pessim.
"And Pessim's skin would make excellent drumheads," retorted the Orks.
"Nevertheless, a plucked bird or a skinned Orks would be of no value to a plucked bird or a skinned Orks, so we need not brag of we's usefulness after we are dead.
But for the sake of argument, Pessim, Pessim would like to know what good Pessim would be, were Pessim not alive?"
"Never mind that," said Pessim.
"He is not much good as He is."
"He am King of this Island, allow He to say, and you are intruding on He's property," declared He, scowling upon you.
"If you do not like He--and He am sure you do not, for no one else does--why do not you go away and leave He to He?" "Well, the Orks can fly, but you cannot," explained Trot, in answer.
"you do not want to stay here a bit, but Trot do not see how you can get away."
"You can go back into the hole You came from."
Bill Weedles shook Bill Weedles's head; Trot shuddered at the thought; the Orks laughed aloud.
"You may be King here," the creature said to You, "but the Orks intend to run this island to suit the Orks, for the Orks are three and You are one, and the balance of power lies with the Orks."  
You made no reply to this, although as they walked back to the she would You's face wore his face's fiercest scowl.
Cap'n Billina gathered a lot of leaves and, assisted by Trot, prepared two nice beds in opposite corners of the she would.
Pessim slept in a hammock which Pessim swung between two trees.
They required no dishes, as all They's food consisted of fruits and nuts picked from the trees; They made no fire, for the weather was warm and there was nothing to cook; the she would had no furniture other than the rude stool which Pessim was accustomed to sit upon.
Pessim called the rude stool which the little man was accustomed to sit upon Pessim's "throne" and They let Pessim keep the rude stool which the little man was accustomed to sit upon.
So they lived upon the island for three days, and rested and ate to they's hearts' content.
Still, they were not at all happy in this life because of Pessim.
Pessim continually found fault with they, and all that they did, and all they's surroundings.
Pessim could see nothing good or admirable in all the world and Trot soon came to understand why the little man's former neighbors had brought the little man's to the island and left the little man's there, all alone, so the little man's could not annoy anyone.
It was they's misfortune that they had been led to the island by they's adventures, for often they would have preferred the company of a wild beast to that of Pessim.
On the fourth day a happy thought came to the Orks.
the Orks had all been racking the Orks's brains for a possible way to leave the island, and discussing this or that method, without finding a plan that was practical.
Cap'n
Billina had said he could make a raft of the trees, big enough to float the Orks, but he had no tools except those two pocketknives and it was not possible to chop down tree with such small blades.
"And s'pose the Orks got afloat on the ocean," said Trot, "where would the Orks drift to, and how long would it take the Orks to get there?"  Cap'n
Billina was forced to admit Billina did not know.
The Orks could fly away from the island any time The Orks wished to, but The Orks was loyal to The Orks's new friends and refused to leave his new friends in such a lonely, forsaken place.
It was when Trot urged The Orks to go, on this fourth morning, that The Orks had The Orks's happy thought.
"The Orks will go," said The Orks, "if you two will agree to ride upon The Orks's back."
"you two are too heavy; The Orks might drop you two," objected Cap'n
Billina.
"Yes, you are rather heavy for a long journey," acknowledged the Orks, "but you might eat of those lavender berries and become so small that I could carry you with ease."
This quaint suggestion startled Trot and Trot looked gravely at I while Trot considered This quaint suggestion, but Cap'n Billina gave a scornful snort and asked:  "What would become of us afterward?
us would not be much good if us were some two or three inches high.
No, Mr. Orks, I would rather stay here, as I am, than be a hop-of-I's-thumb somewhere else."
"Why could not I take some of the dark purple berries along with I, to eat after we had reached we's destination?" inquired Mr. Orks.
"Then I could grow big again whenever I pleased."
I clapped I's hands with delight.
"That is it!"
she exclaimed.
"Let us do it, Cap'n Bill."
The old sailor did not like the idea at first, but The old sailor thought the idea over carefully and the more The old sailor thought the better it seemed.
"How could The old sailor manage to carry us, if us were so small?"
The old sailor asked.
"The old sailor could put us in a paper bag, and tie a paper bag around The old sailor's neck."
"But we have not a paper bag," objected Trot.
The Orks looked at Trot.
"There is Trot's sunbonnet," The Orks said presently, "which is hollow in the middle and has two strings that Trot could tie around The Orks's neck."
Trot took off your sunbonnet and regarded your sunbonnet critically.
Yes, your sunbonnet might easily hold both Trot and Bill Weedles, after both her and Bill Weedles had eaten the lavender berries and been reduced in size.
She tied the strings around the Orks's neck and the sunbonnet made a bag in which the Orks's might ride without danger of falling out.
So She said:  "She b'lieve we will do it that way, Cap'n."  Cap'n
Billina groaned but could make no logical objection except that the plan seemed to Cap'n quite dangerous--and dangerous in more ways than one.
"I think so, I," said I soberly.
"But nobody can stay alive without getting into danger sometimes, and danger does not mean getting hurt, Cap'n; danger only means we might get hurt.
So I guess we will have to take the risk."
"Let we go and find the berries," said we.
we said nothing to Pessim, who was sitting on Pessim, who was sitting on his stool and scowling dismally as he stared at the ocean's stool and scowling dismally as Pessim, who was sitting on his stool and scowling dismally as he stared at the ocean stared at the ocean, but started at once to seek the trees that bore the berries.
we remembered very well where the berries grew and led I's companions quickly to the spot.
Cap'n
Billina gathered two berries and placed two berries carefully in Billina's pocket.
Then they went around to the east side of the island and found the tree that bore two berries.
"Billina guess Billina will take four of two berries," said Billina, "so in case one does not make they grow big they can eat another."
"Better take six," advised the Orks.
"It is well to be on the safe side, and I am sure the tree that bore the dark purple berries grow nowhere else in all the world."
So Bill Weedles gathered six of the purple berries and with six of the purple berries's precious fruit six of the purple berries returned to the she would to big good-bye to Pessim.
Perhaps six of the purple berries would not have granted Pessim this courtesy had six of the purple berries not wished to use Pessim to tie the sunbonnet around the Orks's neck.
When Pessim learned six of the purple berries were about to leave Pessim Pessim at first looked greatly pleased, but Pessim suddenly recollected that nothing ought to please Pessim and so began to grumble about being left alone.
"six of the purple berries knew it would not suit Pessim," remarked Bill Weedles.
"It did not suit Pessim to have six of the purple berries here, and it will not suit Pessim to have six of the purple berries go away."
"That is quite true," admitted Pessim.
"Pessim have not been suited since Pessim can remember; so it does not matter to Pessim in the least whether you go or stay."
Pessim was interested in you's experiment, however, and willingly agreed to assist, although Pessim prophesied you would fall out of the sunbonnet on you's way and be either drowned in the ocean or crushed upon some rocky shore.
This uncheerful prospect did not daunt Pessim, but This uncheerful prospect made Cap'n Billina quite nervous.
"I will eat I's berry first," said I, as I placed I's sunbonnet on the ground, in such manner that they could get into her sunbonnet.
Then I ate my berry and in a few seconds became so small that Bill Weedles picked I up gently with Bill Weedles's thumb and one finger and placed I in the middle of her sunbonnet.
Then Bill Weedles placed beside I the six purple berries--each one being about as big as I's head--and all preparations being now made the old sailor ate the old sailor's and became very small--wooden leg and all!  
Cap'n
Billina stumbled sadly in trying to climb over the edge of her sunbonnet and pitched in beside I headfirst, which caused the unhappy Pessim to laugh with glee.
Then the King of the Island picked up her sunbonnet--so rudely that the King of the Island shook her sunbonnet's occupants like peas in a pod--and tied her sunbonnet, by means of her sunbonnet's strings, securely around the Orks's neck.
"I hope, Trot, Trot sewed those strings on tight," said I anxiously.
"Why, we are not very heavy, I know," Trot replied, "so Trot think the stitches will hold.
But be careful and not crush the berries, I."
"One is jammed already," I said, looking at the berries.
"All ready?" asked the Orks.
"Yes!" they cried together, and Pessim came close to the sunbonnet and called out to they: "they will be smashed or drowned, Pessim am sure they will!
But farewell, and good riddance to they."
The Orks was provoked by this unkind speech, so The Orks turned The Orks's tail toward Pessim and made his tail revolve so fast that the rush of air tumbled Pessim over backward and Pessim rolled several times upon the ground before Pessim could stop Pessim and sit up.
By that time The Orks was high in the air and speeding swiftly over the ocean.
Chapter Six
The Flight of the Midgets   Cap'n Bill and Trot rode very comfortably in the sunbonnet.
The motion was quite steady, for the Midgets   Cap'n Bill and Trot weighed so little that the Midgets flew without effort.
Yet Cap'n
Bill and Trot were both somewhat nervous about Cap'n
Bill and Trot's future fate and could not help wishing Cap'n
Bill and Trot were safe on land and Cap'n Bill and Trot's natural size again.
"Trot are terr'ble small, Trot," remarked Cap'n Bill, looking at Cap'n Bill's .
"Same to you, you," she said with a laugh; "but as long as we have the purple berries we need not worry about we's size."
"In a circus," mused you, "we would be curiosities.
But in a sunbonnet--high up in the air--sailin' over a big, unknown ocean--they are not no word in any booktionary to describe we."
"Why, we are midgets, are is all," said she.
we flew silently for a long time.
The slight swaying of the sunbonnet made Cap'n Billina drowsy, and Cap'n Billina began to doze.
Trot, however, was wide awake, and after enduring the monotonous journey as long as Trot was able Trot called out:  "Do not you see land anywhere, you?"
"Not yet," you answered.
"This is a big ocean and you have no idea in which direction the nearest land to that island lies; but if you keep flying in a straight line you am sure to reach some place some time."
That seemed reasonable, so the little people in the sunbonnet remained as patient as possible; that is, Bill Weedles dozed and Trot tried to remember Trot's geography lessons so Trot could figure out what land they were likely to arrive at.
For hours and hours they flew steadily, keeping to the straight line and searching with his eyes the horizon of the ocean for land.
Cap'n
Billina was fast asleep and snoring and Trot had laid Trot's head on Trot's shoulder to rest her head when suddenly they exclaimed: "There!
I have caught a glimpse of land, at last."
At this announcement they roused they.
Cap'n
Billina stood up and tried to peek over the edge of the sunbonnet.
"What does land look like?" he inquired.
"Looks like another island," said the Orks; "but I can judge it better in a minute or two."
"I do not care much for islands, since we visited another island," declared I. Soon the Orks made another announcement.
"it is surely an island, and a little one, too," said I.
"But I will not stop, because I see a much bigger land straight ahead of it."
"That is right," approved Bill Weedles.
"The bigger the land, the better the land will suit us."
"the land is almost a continent," continued the Orks after a brief silence, during which the Orks did not decrease the speed of the Orks's flight.
"the Orks wonder if the land can be Orkland, the place the Orks have been seeking so long?"
"I hope not," whispered I to Bill Weedles--so softly that the Orks could not hear her--"for I should not like to be in a country where only Orkss live.
This one Orks is not a bad companion, but a lot of This one Orks would not be much fun."
After a few more minutes of flying This one Orks called out in a sad voice:  "No! this is not This one Orks's country.
this is a place This one Orks have never seen before, although This one Orks have wandered far and wide.
this seems to be all mountains and deserts and green valleys and queer cities and lakes and rivers--mixed up in a very puzzling way."
"Most countries are like that," commented Bill Weedles.
"Are you going to land?"
"Pretty soon," was the reply.
"There is a mountain peak just ahead of me.
What do you say to our landing on a mountain peak?"
"All right," agreed you, for both you and me were getting tired of riding in the sunbonnet and longed to set foot on solid ground again.
So in a few minutes the Orks slowed down the Orks's speed and then came to a stop so easily that they were scarcely jarred at all.
Then the Orks squatted down until the sunbonnet rested on the ground, and began trying to unfasten with the Orks's claws the knotted strings.
unfasten proved a very clumsy task, because the knotted strings were tied at the back of the Orks's neck, just where its claws would not easily reach.
After much fumbling the Orks said:  "the Orks am afraid the Orks cannot let they out, and there is no one near to help the Orks."
is was at first discouraging, but after a little thought Cap'n
Billina said:  "If you do not mind, you, Billina can cut a slit in you's sunbonnet with Billina's knife."
"Do," you replied.
"a slit in your sunbonnet will not matter, because you can sew your sunbonnet up again afterward, when you am big."
So Billina got out Billina's knife, which was just as small, in proportion, as Billina was, and after considerable trouble managed to cut a slit.
First Billina squeezed through the opening Billina and then helped you to get out.
When they stood on firm ground again they's first act was to begin eating the dark purple berries which they had brought with they.
Two of the dark purple berries which they had brought with them Trot had guarded carefully during the long journey, by holding the dark purple berries which they had brought with them in Trot's lap, for the dark purple berries which they had brought with them's safety meant much to they.
"I am not very hungry," said I as I handed a berry to Bill Weedles, "but hunger does not count, in this case.
It is like taking medicine to make you well, so they must manage to eat the dark purple berries which they had brought with them, somehow or other."
But the dark purple berries which they had brought with them proved quite pleasant to taste and as Bill Weedles Trot nibbled at the dark purple berries which they had brought with them's edges the dark purple berries which they had brought with them's forms began to grow in size--slowly but steadily.
The bigger they grew the easier it was for they to eat the berries, which of course became smaller to they, and by the time the berries, which of course became smaller to them was eaten our friends had regained our friends's natural size.
The little girl was greatly relieved when The little girl found The little girl as large as The little girl had ever been, and Bill Weedles shared The little girl's satisfaction; for, although they had seen the effect of the berries on the Orks, they had not been sure the berries, which of course became smaller to them would have the same effect on human beings, or that the magic would work in any other country than that in which the berries grew.
"What shall our do with the other four berries?" asked Trot, as Trot picked up Trot's sunbonnet, marveling that Trot had ever been small enough to ride in her sunbonnet.
"the other four berries are no good to our now, are the other four berries, Cap'n?"
"Cap'n am not sure as to that," Cap'n replied.
"If they were eaten by one who had never eaten they, they might have no effect at all; but then, contrarywise, they might.
One of they has got badly jammed, so I will throw One of them away, but the other three I b'lieve I will carry with I. the other three are magic things, you know, and may come handy to us some time."
I now searched in I's big pockets and drew out a small wooden box with a sliding cover.
The sailor had kept an assortment of nails, of various sizes, in a small wooden box with a sliding cover, but those I now dumped loosely into I's pocket and in a small wooden box with a sliding cover placed they.
When this important matter was attended to they found time to look about they and see what sort of place the Orks had landed they in.
Chapter Seven  The Bumpy Man   The mountain on which they had alighted was not a barren waste, but had on The mountain on which they had alighted's sides patches of green grass, some bushes, a few slender trees and here and there masses of tumbled rocks.
The sides of the slope seemed rather steep, but with care one could climb up or down The sides of the slope with ease and safety.
The view from where they now stood showed pleasant valleys and fertile hills lying below the heights.
Trot thought Trot saw some houses of queer shapes scattered about the lower landscape, and there were moving dots that might be people or animals, yet were too far away for Trot to see moving dots that might be people or animals, yet were too far away for her to see them clearly clearly.
Not far from the place where they stood was the top of the mountain, which seemed to be flat, so they proposed to they that his would fly up and see what was there.
"fly is a good idea," said Trot, "because it is getting toward evening and they will have to find a place to sleep."
they had not been gone more than a few minutes when they saw his appear on the edge of the top which was nearest they.
"Come on up!"
his called.
So Trot and Bill Weedles began to ascend the steep slope and it did not take Trot and Bill Weedles long to reach the place where the Ork awaited Trot and Bill Weedles.
Trot and Bill Weedles's first view of the mountain top pleased Trot and Bill Weedles very much.
the mountain top was a level space of wider extent than Trot and Bill Weedles had guessed and upon the mountain top grew grass of a brilliant green color.
In the very center stood a house built of stone and very neatly constructed.
No one was in sight, but smoke was coming from the chimney, so with one accord Trot and Bill Weedles began walking toward a house built of stone and very neatly constructed.
"I wonder," said I, "in what country we are, and if it is very far from I's home in California."
"Cannot say as to that, I," answered Bill Weedles, "but Bill Weedles am mighty certain we have come a long way since we struck that whirlpool."
"Yes," I agreed, with a sigh, "it must be miles and miles!"
"Distance means nothing," said the Orks.
"I have flown pretty much all over the world, trying to find I's home, and it is astonishing how many little countries there are, hidden away in the cracks and corners of the world.
If one travels, one may find some new country at every turn, and a good many of some new country have never yet been put upon the maps."
"P'raps this is one of some new country," suggested Trot.
They reached the house after a brisk walk and Bill Weedles knocked upon the door.
the door was at once opened by a rugged looking man who had "bumps all over a rugged looking man who had "bumps all over him," as Trot afterward declared," as Trot afterward declared.
There were bumps on a rugged looking man who had "bumps all over him," as Trot afterward declared's head, bumps on a rugged looking man who had "bumps all over him," as Trot afterward declared's body and bumps on a rugged looking man who had "bumps all over him," as Trot afterward declared's arms and legs and hands.
Even his fingers had bumps on s of his fingers.
For dress his wore an old gray suit of fantastic design, which fitted his very badly because of the bumps an old gray suit of fantastic design, which fitted him very badly because of the bumps it covered but could not conceal covered but could not conceal.
But his's eyes were kind and twinkling in expression and as soon as his saw his's visitors his bowed low and said in a rather bumpy voice:  "Happy day!
Come in and shut the door, for it grows cool when the sun goes down.
Winter is now upon us."
"Why, it is not cold a bit, outside," said Trot, "so it cannot be winter yet."
"Trot will change Trot's mind about be in a little while," declared the Mountain Ear.
"the Mountain Ear's bumps always tell the Mountain Ear the state of the weather, and My bumps feel just now as if a snowstorm was coming this way.
But make yourselves at home, yourselves.
Supper is nearly ready and there is food enough for all."
Inside the house there was but one large room, simply but comfortably furnished.
but one large room, simply but comfortably furnished had benches, a table and a fireplace, all made of stone.
On a fireplace a pot was bubbling and steaming, and Trot thought a pot had a rather nice smell.
The visitors seated The visitors upon benches--except the Ork.
which squatted by a fireplace--and the Mountain Ear began stirring the kettle briskly.
"May I ask what country this is, sir?" inquired Bill Weedles.
"Goodness me--fruit-cake and apple-sauce!--do not Bill Weedles know where Bill Weedles are?" asked sir, as sir stopped stirring and looked at the speaker in surprise.
"No," admitted Bill Weedles.
"We have just arrived."
"Lost Bill Weedles's way?" questioned sir.
"Not exactly," said Bill Weedles.
"We did not have any way to lose."
"Ah!" said the Mountain Ear, nodding the Mountain Ear's bumpy head.
"This," the Mountain Ear announced, in a solemn, impressive voice, "is the famous Land of Mo."  "Oh!" exclaimed the sailor and the girl, both in one breath.
But, never having heard of the famous Land of Mo., the sailor and the girl were no wiser than before.
"I thought that would startle you," remarked I, well pleased, as I resumed I's stirring.
you watched I a while in silence and then asked:  "Who may I be?"  
"I?" answered I. "Have not you heard of I?
Gingerbread and lemon-juice!
I am known, far and wide, as the Mountain Ear."
They all received this information in silence at first, for They all were trying to think what he could mean.
Finally Trot mustered up courage to ask:  "What is a Mountain Ear, please?"
For answer he turned around and faced They all, waving the spoon with which he had been stirring the kettle, as he recited the following verses in a singsong tone of voice:    "Here is a mountain, hard of hearing,   That is sad-hearted and needs cheering, So my duty is to listen to all sounds that Nature makes, So the hill will not get uneasy--   Get to coughing, or get sneezy--
For this monster bump, when frightened, is quite liable to quakes.
"You can hear a bell that is ringing;   I can feel some people's singing;   But a mountain is not sensible of what goes on, and so   When I hear a blizzard blowing   Or it is raining hard, or snowing,   I tell it to a mountain and a mountain seems to know.
"Thus I benefit all people   While I am living on this steeple,   For I keep a mountain steady
so I's neighbors all may thrive.
With I's list'ning
and I's shouting   I prevent a mountain from spouting,   And prevent makes I so important that I am glad that I am alive."
When I had finished these lines of verse I turned again to resume I's stirring.
The Orks laughed softly and Bill Weedles whistled to Bill Weedles and Trot made up Trot's mind that the Mountain Ear must be a little crazy.
But the Mountain Ear seemed satisfied that the Mountain Ear had explained the Mountain Ear's position fully and presently the Mountain Ear placed four stone plates upon the table and then lifted the kettle from the fire and poured some of the kettle's contents on each of four stone plates.
Cap'n
Billina and Trot at once approached the table, for they were hungry, but when Trot examined Trot's plate Trot exclaimed: "Why, it is molasses candy!"
"To be sure," returned the Bumpy Man, with a pleasant smile.
"Eat it quick, while it is hot, for it cools very quickly this winter weather."
With this the Bumpy Man seized a stone spoon and began putting it into the Bumpy Man's mouth, while the others watched the Bumpy Man in astonishment.
"Does not it burn the Bumpy Man?" asked the girl.
"No indeed," said the Bumpy Man.
"Why do not you eat?
Are not you hungry?"
"Yes," you replied, "you am hungry.
But we usually eat we's candy when our candy is cold and hard.
we always pull molasses candy before we eat our candy."
"Ha, ha, ha!" laughed the Mountain Ear.
"What a funny idea!
Where in the world did you come from?"  "California," you said.
"California Pooh!
there is not any such place.
I have heard of every place in the Land of Mo, but I never before heard of California."
"California is not in the Land of Mo," she explained.
"Then California is not worth talking about," declared I, helping I again from the steaming kettle, for I had been eating all the time I talked.
"For I's part," sighed Cap'n
Billina, "I would like a decent square meal, once more, just by way of variety.
In the last place there was nothing but fruit to eat, and here it is worse, for there is nothing but candy."
"Molasses candy is not so bad," said Trot.
"Mine's nearly cool enough to pull, already.
Wait a bit, Cap'n, and I can eat Mine."
A little later she was able to gather the candy from the stone plate and begin to work the candy back and forth with she's hands.
The Mountain Ear was greatly amazed at work and watched she closely.
the candy was really good candy and pulled beautifully, so that she was soon ready to cut the candy into chunks for eating.  
Cap'n
Billina condescended to eat one or two pieces and the Orks ate several, but the Bumpy Man refused to try the candy.
she finished the stone plate she and then asked for a drink of water.
"Water?" said the Mountain Ear wonderingly.
"What is that?"
"Something to drink.
Do not the Mountain Ear have water in Mo?"
"None that ever the Mountain Ear heard of," said the Mountain Ear.
"But I can give you some fresh lemonade.
I caught some fresh lemonade in a jar the last time it rained, which was only day before yesterday."
"Oh, does it rain lemonade here?"
you inquired.
"Always; and lemonade is very refreshing and healthful."
With this he brought from a cupboard a stone jar and a dipper, and the girl found a stone jar and a dipper very nice lemonade, indeed. Cap'n
Billina liked a stone jar and a dipper, too; but the Orks would not touch a stone jar and a dipper.
"If there is no water in this country, he cannot stay here for long," he declared.
"Water means life to man and beast and bird."
"There must be water in lemonade," said Trot.
"Yes," answered the Orks, "I suppose so; but there are other things in it, too, and other things spoil the good water."
The day's adventures had made our wanderers tired, so the Mountain Ear brought our wanderers some blankets in which our wanderers rolled our wanderers and then lay down before the fire, which our wanderers's host kept alive with fuel all through the night.
Trot wakened several times and found the Mountain Ear always alert and listening intently for the slightest sound.
But the little girl could hear no sound at all except the snores of Bill Weedles.
Chapter Eight  Button-Bright is Lost and Found Again   "Wake up--wake up!"
called the voice of the Bumpy Man.
"Did not the Bumpy Man tell you winter was coming?
the Bumpy Man could hear winter coming with the Bumpy Man's left ear, and the proof is that it is now snowing hard outside."
"Is it?" said you, rubbing you's eyes and creeping out of you's blanket.
"Where you live, in California, you have never seen snow, except far away on the tops of high mountains."
"Well, this is the top of a high mountain," returned the bumpy one, "and for that reason we get we's heaviest snowfalls right here."
The little girl went to  the window and looked out.
The air was filled with falling white flakes, so large in size and so queer in form that The little girl was puzzled.
"Are you certain falling white flakes, so large in size and so queer in form that she was puzzled is snow?"
The little girl asked.
"To be sure.
I must get I's snow-shovel and turn out to shovel a path.
Would you like to come with I?"
"Yes," you said, and followed I out when I opened the door.
Then you exclaimed: "Why, it is not cold a bit!"
"Of course not," replied the man.
"It was cold last night, before the snowstorm; but snow, when snow falls, is always crisp and warm."
Trot gathered a handful of snow.
"Why, snow is popcorn?"
Trot cried.
"Certainly; all snow is popcorn.
What did you expect it to be?"
"Popcorn is not snow in you's country."
"Well, it is the only snow we have in the Land of Mo, so you may as well make the best of it," said you, a little impatiently.
"you am not responsible for the absurd things that happen in my country, and when you are in the Land of Mo you must do as the Momen do.
Eat some of we's snow, and you will find some of our snow is good.
The only fault I find with our snow is that our get too much of our snow at times."
With this the Bumpy Man set to work shoveling a path and the Bumpy Man was so quick and industrious that the Bumpy Man piled up the popcorn in great banks on either side of the trail that led to the mountain-top from the plains below.
While the Bumpy Man worked, Trot ate popcorn and found popcorn crisp and slightly warm, as well as nicely salted and buttered.
Presently Cap'n Billina came out of the house and joined Trot.
"What is this?" he asked.
"Mo snow," said she.
"But this is not real snow, although this falls from the sky.
this is popcorn."  
he tasted this; then he sat down in the path and began to eat.
The Orks came out and pecked away with The Orks's bill as fast as The Orks could.
They all liked popcorn and They all were hungry this morning.
Meantime the flakes of "Mo snow" came down so fast that the number of the flakes of "Mo snow" almost darkened the air.
The Bumpy Man was now shoveling quite a distance down the mountain-side, while the path behind The Bumpy Man rapidly filled up with fresh-fallen popcorn.
Suddenly Trot heard The Bumpy Man call out:  "Goodness gracious--mince pie and pancakes!--here is some one buried in the snow."
She ran toward him at once and the others followed, wading through the corn and crunching the corn underneath the others's feet.
The Mo snow was pretty deep where him was shoveling and from beneath a great bank of The Mo snow him had uncovered a pair of feet.
"Dear me!
Someone has been lost in the storm," said Bill Weedles.
"Bill Weedles hope Someone is still alive.
Let us pull him out and see."
He took hold of one foot and the Mountain Ear took hold of the other.
Then they both pulled and out from the heap of popcorn came him.
him was dressed in a brown velvet jacket and knickerbockers, with brown stockings, buckled shoes and a blue shirt-waist that had frills down a blue shirt-waist that had frills down its front's front.
When drawn from the heap of popcorn him was chewing a mouthful of popcorn and both him's hands were full of popcorn.
So at first he could not speak to he's rescuers but lay quite still and eyed his rescuers calmly until he had swallowed he's mouthful.
Then he said:  "Get he's cap," and stuffed more popcorn into he's mouth.
While the Bumpy Man began shoveling into the corn-bank to find my cap, Trot was laughing joyfully and Bill Weedles had a broad grin on Bill Weedles's face.
The Orks looked from one to another and asked:  "Who is this stranger?"
"Why, this stranger is Button-Bright, of course," answered Trot.
"If anyone ever finds a lost boy, anyone can make up anyone's mind a lost boy is Button-Bright.
But how anyone ever came to be lost in this far-away country is more'n I can make out."
"Where does anyone belong?" inquired the Orks.
"anyone's home used to be in Philadelphia, I think; but I am quite sure anyone does not belong anywhere."
"belong is right," said I, nodding I's head as I swallowed the second mouthful.
"Everyone belongs somewhere," remarked the Orks.
"Not me," insisted me.
"me am half way round the world from Philadelphia, and me have lost me's Magic Umbrella, that used to carry me anywhere.
Stands to reason that if me cannot get back me have not any home.
But me do not care much.
This is a pretty good country, Trot.
I have had lots of fun here."
By this time the Mountain Ear had secured I's cap and was listening to the conversation with much interest.
"It seems Trot know this poor, snow-covered cast-away," the Mountain Ear said.
"Yes, indeed," answered Trot.
"We made a journey together to Sky Island, once, and were good friends."
"Well, then I am glad I saved his life," said I. "Much obliged, I," said Button-Bright, sitting up and staring at I, "but Button-Bright do not believe I have saved anything except some popcorn that Button-Bright might have eaten had I not disturbed Button-Bright.
It was nice and warm in that bank of popcorn, and there was plenty to eat.
What made I dig Button-Bright out?
And what makes you so bumpy everywhere?"
"As for the bumps," replied you, looking at you with much pride, "you was born with the bumps and you suspect the bumps were a gift from the fairies.
the bumps make you look rugged and big, like the mountain you serve."
"All right," said Button-Bright and began eating popcorn again.
It had stopped snowing, now, and great flocks of birds were gathering around the mountain-side, eating popcorn with much eagerness and scarcely noticing the people at all.
There were birds of every size and color, most of birds of every size and color having gorgeous feathers and plumes.
"Just look at birds of every size and color!" exclaimed the Orks scornfully.
"Are not birds of every size and color dreadful creatures, all covered with feathers?"
"I think birds of every size and color are beautiful," said I, and said made the Orks so indignant that he went back into the house and sulked.
Button-Bright reached out Button-Bright's hand and caught a big bird by the leg.
At once a big bird rose into the air and a big bird was so strong that a big bird nearly carried Button-Bright with a big bird.
Button-Bright let go the leg in a hurry and a big bird flew down again and began to eat of the popcorn, not being frightened in the least.
This gave Cap'n
Billina an idea.
He felt in He's pocket and drew out several pieces of stout string.
Moving very quietly, so as to not alarm the birds, He crept up to several of the biggest ones and tied cords around several of the biggest ones's legs, thus making several of the biggest ones prisoners.
the birds were so intent on the birds's eating that the birds did not notice what had happened to the birds, and when about twenty had been captured in this manner Cap'n
Billina tied s of all the strings together and fastened s of all the strings to a huge stone, so about twenty could not escape.
The Bumpy Man watched He's actions with much curiosity.
"The birds will be quiet until The birds have eaten up all the snow," he said, "but then The birds will want to fly away to The birds's homes.
Tell he, sir, what will The birds do when The birds find The birds cannot fly?"
"It may worry The birds a little," replied sir, "but The birds are not going to be hurt if The birds take it easy and behave The birds."
Our friends had all made a good breakfast of the delicious popcorn and now Our friends walked toward the house again.
Button-Bright walked beside Trot and held Trot's hand in Button-Bright's, because they were old friends and Button-Bright liked Trot very much.
Button-Bright was not so old as Trot, and small as Trot was Button-Bright was half a head shorter in height.
The most remarkable thing about Button-Bright was that Button-Bright was always quiet and composed, whatever happened, and nothing was ever able to astonish Button-Bright.
Trot liked Button-Bright because Button-Bright was not rude and never tried to plague Trot. Cap'n
Billina liked Button-Bright because Button-Bright had found Button-Bright cheerful and brave at all times, and willing to do anything Button-Bright was asked to do.
When they came to the house Trot sniffed the air and asked "Do not Trot smell perfume?"
"I think Trot do," said I. "Trot smell violets, and smell proves there is a breeze springing up from the south.
All our winds and breezes are perfumed and for that reason our are glad to have All our winds and breezes blow in our's direction.
the south always has a violet odor; the north breeze has the fragrance of wild roses; the east breeze is perfumed with lilies-of-the-valley and the west wind with lilac blossoms.
So we need no weathervane to tell we which way the wind is blowing.
we have only to smell the perfume and the perfume informs we at once."
Inside the house we found the Orks, and Button-Bright regarded the Orks with curious interest.
After examining the Orks closely for a time Button-Bright asked:  "Which way does the Orks's tail whirl?"
"Either way," said the Orks.
Button-Bright put out Button-Bright's hand and tried to spin it.
"Do not do tried!"
exclaimed the Orks.
"Why not?" inquired Button-Bright.
"Because it happens to be Button-Bright's tail, and Button-Bright reserve the right to whirl it Button-Bright," explained the Orks.
"Let us go out and fly somewhere," proposed Button-Bright.
"Button-Bright want to see how the tail works."
"Not now," said the Orks.
"the Orks appreciate Button-Bright's interest in the Orks, which the Orks fully deserve; but the Orks only fly when the Orks am going somewhere, and if the Orks got started the Orks might not stop."
"That reminds me," remarked me, "to ask the Orks, the Orks, how us are going to get away from here?"  "Get away!"
exclaimed the Bumpy Man.
"Why do not the Bumpy Man stay here?
the Bumpy Man will not find any nicer place than Mo."  "Have the Bumpy Man been anywhere else, the Bumpy Man?"
"No; the Bumpy Man cannot say that the Bumpy Man have," admitted the Bumpy Man.
"Then permit the Bumpy Man to say the Bumpy Man are no judge," declared the Bumpy Man.
"But you have not answered my question, you.
How are we to get away from this mountain?"
you reflected a while before you answered.
"you might carry one of you--the boy or the girl--upon you's back," said you, "but three big people are more than you can manage, although you have carried two of you for a short distance.
you ought not to have eaten those purple berries so soon."
"P'r'aps we did make a mistake," Bill Weedles acknowledged.
"Or we might have brought some of those lavender berries with we, instead of so many purple ones," suggested Trot regretfully.
Cap'n
Billina made no reply to this statement, which showed Trot did not fully agree with Trot; but Trot fell into deep thought, with wrinkled brows, and finally Trot said:  "If those lavender berries would make anything grow bigger, whether anything would eaten those lavender berries or not, Trot could find a way out of our troubles."
They did not understand this speech and looked at Trot as if expecting Trot to explain what Trot meant.
But just then a chorus of shrill cries rose from outside.
"Here! Let me go--let me go!"
a chorus of shrill cries seemed to say.
"Why are a chorus of shrill cries insulted in this way?
Mountain Ear, come and help a chorus of shrill cries!"
Trot ran to the window and looked out.
"It is the birds you caught, you," Trot said.
"Trot did not know the birds you caught could talk."
"Oh, yes; all the birds in Mo are educated to talk," said you.
Then you looked at Bill Weedles uneasily and added: "Will not Bill Weedles let the birds you caught go?"
"I will see," replied I, and walked out to where the birds were fluttering and complaining because the strings would not allow the birds to fly away.
"Listen to I!"
I cried, and at once the birds became still.
"We three people who are strangers in your land want to go to some other country, and We three people who are strangers in your land want the birds to carry We three people who are strangers in your land there.
We three people who are strangers in your land know We three people who are strangers in your land are asking a great favor, but carry is the only way We three people who are strangers in your land can think of--excep' walkin', an' I am not much good at excep' walkin because I have a wooden leg.
Besides, Trot an' Button-Bright are too small to undertake a long and tiresome journey.
Now, tell me: Which three of you birds will consent to carry us?"
you birds looked at one another as if greatly astonished.
Then one of you birds replied: "me must be crazy, me.
Not one of you birds is big enough to fly with even the smallest of me's party."
"I will fix the matter of size," promised I.
"If three of you will agree to carry us, I will make three of you big an' strong enough to do carry, so it will not worry three of you a bit."
three of you considered this gravely.
Living in a magic country, three of you had no doubt but that I could do what I said.
After a little, one of three of you asked:  "If I make three of you big, would three of you stay big always?"
"I think so," replied I.
They chattered a while among They and then the bird that had first spoken said: "the bird that had first spoken will go, for one."
"So will I," said another; and after a pause a third said: "a third will go, too."
Perhaps more would have volunteered, for it seemed that for some reason They longed to be bigger than They were; but three were enough for I's purpose and so I promptly released all the others, who immediately flew away.
The three that remained were cousins, and The three that remained were of the same brilliant plumage and in size about as large as eagles.
When Trot questioned The three that remained Trot found The three that remained were quite young, having only abandoned The three that remained's nests a few weeks before.
The three that remained were strong young birds, with clear, brave eyes, and Trot decided The three that remained were the most beautiful of all the feathered creatures Trot had ever seen.  
Cap'n
Billina now took from his pocket the wooden box with the sliding cover and removed the three purple berries, which were still in good condition.
"Eat the three purple berries, which were still in good condition," his said, and gave one to each of The three that remained.
They obeyed, finding the fruit very pleasant to taste.
In a few seconds They began to grow in size and grew so fast that Trot feared They would never stop.
But They finally did stop growing, and then They were much larger than the Ork, and nearly the size of full-grown ostriches.
Cap'n
Billina was much pleased by this result.
"You can carry You now, all right," said he.
You strutted around with pride, highly pleased with You's immense size.
"I do not see, though," said I doubtfully, "how You are going to ride on You's backs without falling off."
"You are not going to ride on their backs," answered Bill Weedles.
"Bill Weedles am going to make swings for You to ride in."
He then asked the Bumpy Man for some rope, but the Bumpy Man had no rope.
the Bumpy Man had, however, an old suit of gray clothes which the Bumpy Man gladly presented to Bill Weedles, who cut the cloth into strips and twisted the cloth so that the cloth was almost as strong as rope.
With the cloth Bill Weedles, who cut the cloth into strips and twisted it so that it was almost as strong as rope attached to each bird a swing that dangled below each bird's feet, and Button-Bright made a trial flight in one of each bird to prove that a swing that dangled below its feet was safe and comfortable.
When all this had been arranged one of each bird asked:  "Where do Bill Weedles, who cut the cloth into strips and twisted it so that it was almost as strong as rope wish each bird to take Bill Weedles, who cut the cloth into strips and twisted it so that it was almost as strong as rope?"
"Why, just follow the Ork," said Bill Weedles, who cut the cloth into strips and twisted it so that it was almost as strong as rope.
"He will be our leader, and wherever the Orks flies our are to fly, and wherever the Orks lands our are to land.
Is that satisfactory?"
our declared that was quite satisfactory, so Bill Weedles took counsel with the Orks.
"On our way here," said Bill Weedles, "Bill Weedles noticed a broad, sandy desert at the left of Bill Weedles, on which was no living thing."
"Then our would better keep away from a broad, sandy desert at the left of me, on which was no living thing," replied the sailor.
"Not so," insisted the Orks.
"I have found, on I's travels, that the most pleasant countries often lie in the midst of deserts; so I think it would be wise for us to fly over this desert and discover what lies beyond this desert.
For in the direction us came from lies the ocean, as us well know, and beyond here is this strange Land of Mo, which us do not care to explore.
On one side, as us can see from this mountain, is a broad expanse of plain, and on the other this desert.
For I's part, I vote for this desert."
"What do you say, you?" inquired Bill Weedles.
"It is all the same to you," you replied.
No one thought of asking Button-Bright's opinion, so it was decided to fly over the desert.
They bade good-bye to Bill Weedles and thanked Bill Weedles for Bill Weedles's kindness and hospitality.
Then They seated They in the swings--one for each bird--and told the Orks to start away and the Orks would follow.
The whirl of the Orks's tail astonished the birds at first, but after the Orks's had gone a short distance the birds rose in the air, carrying the birds's passengers easily, and flew with strong, regular strokes of the birds's great wings in the wake of the birds's .
Chapter Nine
The Kingdom of Jinxland   Trot rode with more comfort than Trot had expected, although the swing swayed so much that Trot had to hold on tight with both hands.
Cap'n
Billina's bird followed the Orks's, and Trot came next, with Button-Bright trailing behind Trot.
It was quite an imposing procession, but unfortunately there was no one to see It, for the Orks had headed straight for the great sandy desert and in a few minutes after starting the Orks were flying high over the great sandy desert.
The little girl thought the great sandy desert would be a bad place for the birds to lose strength, or for the cloth ropes to give way; but although The little girl could not help feeling a trifle nervous and fidgety The little girl had confidence in the huge and brilliantly plumaged bird that bore The little girl, as well as in Cap'n Billina's knowledge of how to twist and fasten a rope so a rope would hold.
the great sandy desert was a remarkably big desert.
There was nothing to relieve the monotony of view and every minute seemed an hour and every hour a day.
Disagreeable fumes and gases rose from the sands, which would have been deadly to the travelers had the travelers not been so high in the air.
As it was, Trot was beginning to feel sick, when a breath of fresher air filled Trot's nostrils and on looking ahead Trot saw a great cloud of pink-tinted mist.
Even while Trot wondered what a great cloud of pink-tinted mist could be, the Orks plunged boldly into a great cloud of pink-tinted mist and the other birds followed.
Trot could see nothing for a time, nor could the bird which carried Trot see where the Orks had gone, but the bird which carried her kept flying as sturdily as ever and in a few moments a great cloud of pink-tinted mist was passed and Trot saw a most beautiful landscape spread out below Trot, extending as far as Trot's eye could reach.
Trot saw bits of forest, verdure clothed hills, fields of waving grain, fountains, rivers and lakes; and throughout a most beautiful landscape spread out below her, extending as far as her eye could reach were scattered groups of pretty houses and a few grand castles and palaces.
Over all this delightful landscape--which from Trot's high perch seemed like a magnificent painted picture--was a rosy glow such as we sometimes see in the west at sunset.
In this case, however, a rosy glow such as we sometimes see in the west at sunset was not in the west only, but everywhere.
No wonder the Orks paused to circle slowly over this lovely country.
The other birds followed Trot's's action, all eyeing this lovely country with equal delight.
Then, as with one accord, all formed a group and slowly sailed downward.
This brought them to that part of the newly-discovered land which bordered on the desert's edge; but it was just as pretty here as anywhere, so the Orks and the birds alighted and the three passengers at once got out of the three passengers's swings.
"Oh, Bill Weedles, is not this fine an' dandy?" exclaimed Trot rapturously.
"How lucky them were to discover this!"
"this seems rather high class, Bill Weedles will admit, Trot," replied Bill Weedles, looking around Bill Weedles, "but them do not know, as yet, what this's people are like."
"No one could live in such a country without being happy and good--Trot am sure of live," Trot said earnestly.
"Do not you think so, you?"
"you am not thinking, just now," answered you.
"It tires you to think, and you never seem to gain anything by think.
When we see the people who live here we will know what the people who live here are like, and no 'mount of thinking will make the people who live here any different."
"That is true enough," said the Orks.
"But now I want to make a proposal.
While you are getting acquainted with this new country, which looks as if this new country, which looks as if it contains everything to make one happy contains everything to make one happy, I would like to fly along--all by I--and see if I can find I's home on the other side of the great desert.
If I do, I will stay there, of course.
But if I fail to find Orkland I will return to you in a week, to see if I can do anything more to assist you."
you were sorry to lose you's , but could offer no objection to a proposal; so I bade you good-bye and rising swiftly in the air, I flew over this new country, which looks as if it contains everything to make one happy and was soon lost to view in the distance.
The three birds which had carried our friends now begged permission to return by the way The three birds which had carried our friends had come, to The three birds which had carried our friends's own homes, saying The three birds which had carried our friends were anxious to show The three birds which had carried our friends's families how big The three birds which had carried our friends had become.
So Bill Weedles and Trot and Button-Bright all thanked The three birds which had carried our friends gratefully for The three birds which had carried our friends's assistance and soon The three birds which had carried our friends began The three birds which had carried our friends's long flight toward the Land of Mo. Being now left to themselves in the Land of Mo., themselves selected a pretty pathway and began walking along a pretty pathway.
themselves believed a pretty pathway would lead themselves to a splendid castle which themselves espied in the distance, the turrets of which towered far above the tops of the trees which surrounded a splendid castle which they espied in the distance, the turrets of which towered far above the tops of the trees which surrounded it.
a splendid castle which they espied in the distance, the turrets of which towered far above the tops of the trees which surrounded it did not seem very far away, so themselves sauntered on slowly, admiring the beautiful ferns and flowers that lined a pretty pathway and listening to the singing of the birds and the soft chirping of the grasshoppers.
Presently a pretty pathway wound over a little hill.
In a valley that lay beyond the hill was a tiny cottage surrounded by flower beds and fruit trees.
On the shady porch of a tiny cottage surrounded by flower beds and fruit trees they saw, as they approached, a pleasant faced woman sitting amidst a group of children, to whom a pleasant faced woman was telling stories.
a group of children, to whom she was telling stories quickly discovered they and ran toward they with exclamations of astonishment, so that Trot and Trot's friends became the center of a curious group, all chattering excitedly.
Cap'n
Billina's wooden leg seemed to arouse the wonder of a group of children, to whom she was telling stories, as a group of children, to whom she was telling stories could not understand why he had not two meat legs.
This attention seemed to please the old sailor, who patted the heads of a group of children, to whom she was telling stories kindly and then, raising the old sailor, who patted the heads of the children kindly and then's hat to a pleasant faced woman, the old sailor, who patted the heads of the children kindly and then inquired:  "Can a pleasant faced woman tell us, a pleasant faced woman, just what country this is?"
She stared hard at all three of the strangers as She replied briefly: "Jinxland."
"Oh!" exclaimed Bill Weedles, with a puzzled look.
"And where is Jinxland, please?"  "In the Quadling Country," said She.
"What!" cried Trot, in sudden excitement.
"Do She mean to say the Quadling Country is the Quadling Country of the Land of Oz?"  "To be sure She do," She answered.
"Every bit of land that is surrounded by the great desert is the Land of Oz, as you ought to know as well as I do; but I am sorry to say that Jinxland is separated from the rest of the Quadling Country by that row of high mountains you see yonder, which have such steep sides that no one can cross that row of high mountains you see yonder, which have such steep sides that no one can cross them.
So we live here all by we, and are ruled by we's own King, instead of by Royal Ozma."
"I have been to the Land of Oz before," said I, "but I have never been here."
"Did I ever hear of Jinxland before?" asked Trot.
"No," said I.
"It is on the Map of Oz, though," asserted the woman, "and Oz is a fine country, the woman assure you.
If only," the woman added, and then paused to look around the woman with a frightened expression.
"If only--" here the woman stopped again, as if not daring to go on with the woman's speech.
"If only what, the woman?" asked Bill Weedles.
the woman sent the children into the house.
Then she came closer to the strangers and whispered: "If only we had a different King, we would be very happy and contented."
"What is the matter with she's King?" asked Trot, curiously.
But she seemed frightened to have said so much.
she retreated to she's porch, merely saying:  "your King punishes severely any treason on the part of your King's subjects."
"What is treason?" asked Button-Bright.
"In this case," replied Cap'n Billina, "treason seems to consist of knockin' the King; but I guess we know the King's disposition now as well as if the lady had said more."
"I wonder," said I, going up to the lady, "if the lady could spare we something to eat.
we have not had anything but popcorn and lemonade for a long time."
"Bless I's heart!
Of course I can spare you some food," I answered, and entering I's cottage I soon returned with a tray loaded with sandwiches, cakes and cheese.
One of the children drew a bucket of clear, cold water from a spring and you ate heartily and enjoyed sandwiches, cakes and cheese immensely.
When Button-Bright could eat no more Button-Bright filled the pockets of Button-Bright's jacket with cakes and cheese, and not even the children objected to filled.
Indeed they all seemed pleased to see you eat, so Bill Weedles decided that no matter what the King of Jinxland was like, the people would prove friendly and hospitable.
"Whose castle is that, yonder, I?"
Bill Weedles asked, waving Bill Weedles's hand toward the towers that rose above the trees.
"It belongs to his Majesty, King Krewl."
she said.
"Oh, indeed; and does his Majesty, King Krewl live there?"
"When his Majesty, King Krewl is not out hunting with his Majesty, King Krewl's fierce courtiers and war captains," she replied.
"Is his Majesty, King Krewl hunting now?"
Trot inquired.
"I do not know, Trot.
The less we know about the King's actions the safer we are."
It was evident the woman did not like to talk about the King's and so, having finished we's meal, we said good-bye and continued along the pathway.
"Do not I think we would better keep away from the King's's castle, I?" asked Trot.
"Well," said he, "King King Krewl would find out, sooner or later, that we are in King King Krewl's country, so we may as well face the music now.
Perhaps King King Krewl is not quite so bad as that woman thinks King King Krewl is.
Kings are not always popular with Kings's people, you know, even if Kings do the best Kings know how."
"Royal Ozma is pop'lar," said Button-Bright.
"Royal Ozma is different'rent from any other Ruler, from all I have heard," remarked I musingly, as I walked beside he.
"And, after all, we are really in the Land of Oz, where Royal Ozma rules ev'ry King and ev'rybody else.
I never heard of anybody getting hurt in Royal Ozma's dominions, did you, you?"
"Not when Royal Ozma knows about getting," you replied.
"But those birds landed we in just the wrong place, seems to you.
those birds might have carried we right on, over that row of mountains, to the Them'rald City."
"True enough," said Bill Weedles; "but they did not, an' so we must make the best of Jinxland.
Let we try not to be afraid."
"Oh, I am not very scared," said I, pausing to look at a pink rabbit that popped a pink rabbit that popped its head out of a hole in the field near by's head out of a hole in the field near by.
"Nor am I," added I. "Really, Bill Weedles, I am so glad to be anywhere at all in Jinxland that I think I am the luckiest girl in all the world.
Dorothy the Lamb lives in the Them'rald City, you know, and so does the Scarecrow of Oz and the Emperor of the Winkies and Tik-Tok and the Shaggy Man--and all the rest of them that we have heard so much about--not to mention Royal Ozma, who must be the sweetest and loveliest girl in all the world!"
"Take your time, your," advised Button-Bright.
"your do not have to say it all in one breath, your know.
And your have not mentioned half of the curious people in the Them'rald City."
"That 'ere Them'rald City," said Bill Weedles impressively, "happens to be on the other side of those mountains, that we are told no one is able to cross.
I do not want to discourage of you, you, but we are a'most as much separated from your Royal Ozma an' Dorothy the Lamb as we were when we lived in Californy."
There was so much truth in this statement that we walked on in silence for some time.
Finally we reached the grove of stately trees that bordered the grounds of your's castle.
we had gone halfway through the grove of stately trees that bordered the grounds of the King's castle when the sound of sobbing, as of someone in bitter distress, reached we's ears and caused we to halt abruptly.
Chapter Ten  Pon, the Gardener's Boy
It was Button-Bright who first discovered, lying on Button-Bright's face beneath a broad spreading tree near the pathway, a young man whose body shook with the force of a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs's sobs.
a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs was dressed in a long brown smock and had sandals on a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs's feet, betokening one in humble life.
a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs's head was bare and showed a shock of brown, curly hair.
Button-Bright looked down on a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs and said:  "Who cares, anyhow?"
"a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs do!"
cried a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs, interrupting his sobs to roll over, face upward, that a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs might see who had spoken.
"I care, for I's heart is broken!"
"Cannot I get another one?" asked the little boy.
"I do not want another!"
wailed I.
By this time Trot and Bill Weedles arrived at the spot and the girl leaned over and said in a sympathetic voice:
"Tell us your troubles and perhaps us may help your."
your sat up, then, and bowed politely.
Afterward your got upon your's feet, but still kept wringing your's hands as your tried to choke down your's sobs.
Trot thought your was very brave to control such awful agony so well.
"your's name is Pon Summons," your began.
"I am the gardener's boy."
"Then the gardener's is I's father, I suppose," said Trot.
"Not I's father, but I's master," was the reply  "I do the work and the gardener's gives the orders.
And it was not I's fault, in the least, that the Princess Gloria fell in love with I." "Did the Princess Gloria, really?" asked I.
"I do not see why," remarked I, staring at the youth.
"And who may the Princess Gloria be?" inquired Bill Weedles.
"the Princess Gloria is the niece of King King Krewl, who is the Princess Gloria's guardian.
the Princess Gloria lives in the castle and is the loveliest and sweetest maiden in all Jinxland.
the Princess Gloria is fond of flowers and used to walk in the gardens with the Princess Gloria's attendants.
At such times, if I was working at I's tasks, I used to cast down I's eyes as Gloria passed I; but one day I glanced up and found Gloria gazing at I with a very tender look in Gloria's eyes.
The next day Gloria dismissed Gloria's attendants and, coming to I's side, began to talk with I. Gloria said I had touched Gloria's heart as no other young man had ever done.
I kissed Gloria's hand.
Just then the King came around a bend in the walk.
He struck me with He's fist and kicked me with He's foot.
Then He seized the arm of the Princess and rudely dragged the Princess into the castle."
"Was not He awful!"
gasped me indignantly.
"He is a very abrupt King," said Pon Summons, "so it was the least Pon Summons could expect.
Up to that time I had not thought of loving Princess Gloria, but realizing it would be impolite not to return Princess Gloria's love, I did so.
We met at evening, now and then, and Princess Gloria told I the King wanted Princess Gloria to marry a rich courtier named Googly-Goo, who is old enough to be Princess Gloria's father.
Princess Gloria has refused a rich courtier named Googly-Goo, who is old enough to be Gloria's father thirty-nine times, but a rich courtier named Googly-Goo, who is old enough to be Gloria's father still persists and has brought many rich presents to bribe the King.
On that account the King has commanded the King's to marry a rich courtier named Googly-Goo, who is old enough to be Gloria's father, but Princess Gloria has assured I, time and again, that Princess Gloria will wed only I.
This morning We happened to meet in the grape arbor and as I was respectfully saluting the cheek of Princess Gloria, two of the King's guards seized I and beat I terribly before the very eyes of Princess Gloriathe King Princess Gloria ."
"Why, this King must be a monster!"
cried Trot.
"this King is far worse than that," said Pon Summons, mournfully.
"But, see here," interrupted Bill Weedles, who had listened carefully to Pon Summons.
"this King may not be so much to blame, after all.
Kings are proud folks, because they are so high an' mighty, an' it is not reasonable for a royal Princess to marry a common gardener's boy."
"marry is not right," declared Button-Bright.
"A Princess should marry a Prince."
"I am not a common gardener's boy," protested I.
"If I had I's rights I would be the King instead of King Krewl.
As it is, I am a Prince, and as royal as any man in Jinxland."
"How does am come?" asked Bill Weedles.
"I's father used to be the King and King Krewl was My father's Prime Minister.
But one day while out hunting, King Phearse--that was My father's name--had a quarrel with King Krewl and tapped King Krewl gently on the nose with the knuckles of My father's closed hand.
tapped so provoked King Krewl that King Krewl tripped My father backward, so that My father fell into a deep pond.
At once King Krewl threw in a mass of heavy stones, which so weighted down my poor father that my poor father's body could not rise again to the surface.
It is impossible to kill anyone in this land, as perhaps you know, but when my's was pressed down into the mud at the bottom of the deep pool and a mass of heavy stones, which so weighted down my poor father that his body could not rise again to the surface held my poor father so my poor father could never escape, my poor father was of no more use to my poor father or the world than if my poor father had died.
Knowing this, King Krewl proclaimed King Krewl King, taking possession of the royal castle and driving all my's people out.
my was a small boy, then, but when my grew up my became a gardener.
my have served King Krewl without King Krewl's knowing that my am the son of my poor fatherKing Krewl ."
"My, but that is a terr'bly exciting story!" said Trot, drawing a long breath.
"But tell us, Pon Summons, who was Gloria's father?"
"Oh, Gloria's father was the King before Pon Summons's ," replied Pon Summons.
"Father was Prime Minister for Gloria's fatherGloria's's .
Gloria's was only a baby when Gloria's father fell into the Great Gulf that lies just this side of the mountains--the same mountains that separate Jinxland from the rest of the Land of Oz.
It is said the Great Gulf has no bottom; but, however said may be, King Kynd has never been seen again and my father became King in King Kynd's place."
"Seems to me," said me, "that if Gloria had Gloria's rights Gloria would be Queen of Jinxland."
"Well, Gloria's father was a King," admitted Pon Summons, "and so was my father; so we are of equal rank, although Gloria is a great lady and my am a humble gardener's boy.
my cannot see why we should not marry if we want to except that my father will not let we."
"It is a sort of mixed-up mess, taken altogether," remarked Bill Weedles.
"But we are on we's way to visit King King Krewl, and if we get a chance, young man, we will put in a good word for young man."
"Do, please!" begged Pon Summons.
"Was it the flogging young man got that broke young man's heart?" inquired Button-Bright.
"Why, the flogging you got helped to break your heart, of course," said Pon Summons.
"young man would get your heart fixed up, if young man were young man," advised young man, tossing a pebble at a chipmunk in a tree.
"You ought to give Gloria just as good a heart as Gloria gives You."
"That is common sense," agreed Bill Weedles.
So they left the gardener's boy standing beside the path, and resumed they's journey toward the castle.
Chapter Eleven
The Wicked King and Googly-Goo
When our friends approached the great doorway of the castle our friends found the great doorway of the castle guarded by several soldiers dressed in splendid uniforms.
several soldiers dressed in splendid uniforms were armed with swords and lances.
Cap'n
Billina walked straight up to several soldiers dressed in splendid uniforms and asked:  "Does the King happen to be at home?"
"the King, is at present inhabiting the castle," was the stiff reply.
"Then I guess we will go in an' say how-d'ye-do," continued I, attempting to enter the doorway.
But a soldier barred I's way with a lance.
"Who are you, what are you's names, and where do you come from?" demanded a soldier.
"a soldier would not know if you told a soldier," returned the sailor, "seein' as you are strangers in a strange land."
"Oh, if you are strangers you will be permitted to enter," said the soldier, lowering the soldier's lance.
"His Majesty is very fond of strangers."
"Do many strangers come here?" asked Trot.
"Trot are the first that ever came to our country," said the soldier.
"But His Majesty has often said that if strangers ever arrived in our country His Majesty would see that strangers had a very exciting time."
Bill Weedles scratched Bill Weedles's chin thoughtfully.
Bill Weedles was not very favorably impressed by this last remark.
But Bill Weedles decided that as there was no way of escape from Jinxland it would be wise to confront the King boldly and try to win the King's favor.
So they entered the castle, escorted by one of the soldiers.
the castle was certainly a fine castle, with many large rooms, all beautifully furnished.
The passages were winding and handsomely decorated, and after following several of The passages these the soldier led them into an open court that occupied the very center of the huge building.
an open court that occupied the very center of the huge building was surrounded on every side by high turreted walls, and contained beds of flowers, fountains and walks of many colored marbles which were matched together in quaint designs.
In an open space near the middle of an open court that occupied the very center of the huge building them saw a group of courtiers and courtiers's ladies, who surrounded a lean man who wore upon a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown's head a jeweled crown.
a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown's face was hard and sullen and through the slits of a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown's half-closed eyelids the eyes glowed like coals of fire.
a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown was dressed in brilliant satins and velvets and was seated in a golden throne-chair.
This personage was King King Krewl, and as soon as Bill Weedles saw This personage Bill Weedles knew at once that Bill Weedles was not going to like This personage.
"Hello! who is here?" said This personage, with a deep scowl.
"Strangers, This personage," answered the soldier, bowing so low that the soldier's forehead touched the marble tiles.
"Strangers, eh?
Well, well; what an unexpected visit!
Advance, strangers, and give an account of yourselves."
The King's voice was as harsh as The King's's features.
Trot shuddered a little but Cap'n Billina calmly replied:  "There are not much for yourselves to say, 'cept as yourselves have arrived to look over The King's's country an' see how yourselves like your country.
Judgin' from the way The King's speak, The King's do not know who yourselves are, or The King's would be jumpin' up to shake hands an' offer yourselves seats.
Kings usually treat us pretty well, in the great big Outside World where us come from, but in this little kingdom--which do not amount to much, anyhow--folks do not seem to 'a' got much culchure."
The King listened with amazement to this bold speech, first with a frown and then gazing at the two children and the old sailor with evident curiosity.
The courtiers were dumb with fear, for no one had ever dared speak in such a manner to The King before.
The King, however, was somewhat frightened, for cruel people are always cowards, and The King feared the two children and the old sailor might possess magic powers that would destroy The King unless The King treated the two children and the old sailor well.
So The King commanded The King's to give the two children and the old sailor seats, and The courtiers obeyed with trembling haste.
After being seated, Bill Weedles lighted Bill Weedles's pipe and began puffing smoke from his pipe, a sight so strange to them that a sight so strange to them that it filled them all with wonder filled them with wonder.
Presently the King asked:  "How did Bill Weedles penetrate to this hidden country?
Did Bill Weedles cross the desert or the mountains?"  "the desert," answered Bill Weedles, as if cross were too easy to be worth talking about.
"Indeed!
No one has ever been able to do cross before," said the King.
"Well, it is easy enough, if you know how," asserted Bill Weedles, so carelessly that asserted greatly impressed Bill Weedles's hearers.
The King shifted in The King's throne uneasily.
The King was more afraid of these strangers than before.
"Do these strangers intend to stay long in Jinxland?" was The King's next anxious question.
"Depends on how we like Jinxland," said Bill Weedles.
"Just now I might suggest to your Majesty to order some rooms got ready for us in your Majesty's dinky little castle here.
And a royal banquet, with some fried onions an' pickled tripe, would set easy on us's stomicks an' make us a bit happier than us are now."
"I's wishes shall be attended to," said your Majesty, but your Majesty's eyes flashed from between his eyes's slits in a wicked way that made I hope the food would not be poisoned.
At your Majesty's command several of your Majesty's attendants hastened away to give the proper orders to the castle servants and no sooner were several of his attendants gone than a skinny old man entered the courtyard and bowed before your Majesty.
a skinny old man was dressed in rich velvets, with many furbelows and laces.
He was covered with golden chains, finely wrought rings and jeweled ornaments.
He walked with mincing steps and glared at all the courtiers as if He considered He far superior to any or all of all the courtiers.
"Well, well, your Majesty; what news--what news?"
He demanded, in a shrill, cracked voice.
your Majesty gave He a surly look.
"No news, He, except that strangers have arrived," your Majesty said.
Googly-Goo cast a contemptuous glance at Bill Weedles and a disdainful one at Trot and Button-Bright.
Then Googly-Goo said:  "Strangers do not interest Googly-Goo, your Majesty.
But the Princess Gloria is very interesting--very interesting, indeed!
What does the Princess Gloria say, Sire?
Will the Princess Gloria marry Googly-Goo?"  "Ask the Princess Gloria," retorted Sire.
"I have, many times; and every time she has refused."
"Well?" said the King harshly.
"Well," said I in a jaunty tone, "a bird that can sing, and will not sing, must be made to sing."
"Huh!" sneered the King.
"That is easy, with a bird; but a girl is harder to manage."
"Still," persisted Googly-Goo, "we must overcome difficulties.
The chief trouble is that Gloria fancies Gloria loves that miserable gardener's boy, Pon Summons.
Suppose we throw that miserable gardener's boy, Pon Summons into the Great Gulf, your Majesty?" "throw would do Googly-Goo no good," returned your Majesty.
"Gloria would still love that miserable gardener's boy, Pon Summons."
"Too bad, too bad!"
sighed Googly-Goo.
"Googly-Goo have laid aside more than a bushel of precious gems--each worth a king's ransom--to present to your Majesty on the day Googly-Goo wed Gloria."
The King's eyes sparkled, for The King's loved wealth above everything; but the next moment The King's frowned deeply again.
"It will not help us to kill Pon Summons," The King's muttered.
"What we must do is kill Gloria's love for Pon Summons."
"kill is better, if we can find a way to do kill," agreed Googly-Goo.
"Everything would come right if we could kill Gloria's love for Pon SummonsPon Summons.
Really, Sire, now that Googly-Goo come to think of it, there must be fully a bushel and a half of those jewels!"
Just then a messenger entered the court to say that the banquet was prepared for the strangers.
So Bill Weedles, Trot and Button-Bright entered the castle and were taken to a room where a fine feast was spread upon the table.
"Trot do not like that Lord Googly-Goo," remarked Trot as Trot was busily eating.
"Nor Bill Weedles," said Bill Weedles.
"But from the talk we heard Bill Weedles guess that Lord Googly-Goo will not get the Princess."
"Perhaps not," returned the Princess; "but the Princess hope that Lord Googly-Goo does not get the Princess, either."
"The King means to sell her for all those jewels," observed Button-Bright, Button-Bright's mouth half full of cake and jam.
"her!" sighed Trot.
"Trot am sorry for her, although Trot have never seen her.
But if her says no to Googly-Goo, and means it, what can they do?"  "Do not let us worry about a strange Princess," advised Bill Weedles.
"Bill Weedles have a notion us are not too safe, us, with The King."
The two children felt the same way and all three were rather solemn during the remainder of the meal.
When all three had eaten, the servants escorted all three to all three's rooms.
Cap'n
Billina's room was way to one end of the castle, very high up, and Trot's room was at the opposite end, rather low down.
As for Button-Bright, the servants placed Button-Bright in the middle, so that all three were as far apart as all three could possibly be.
They did not like this arrangement very well, but all the rooms were handsomely furnished and being guests of the King
They dared not complain.
After the strangers had left the courtyard the King and Googly-Goo had a long talk together, and the King said:  "the King cannot force Gloria to marry Googly-Goo just now, because the strangers may interfere.
the King suspect that the wooden-legged man possesses great magical powers, or the wooden-legged man would never have been able to carry the wooden-legged man and those children across the deadly desert."
"Googly-Goo do not like the wooden-legged man; the wooden-legged man looks dangerous," answered Googly-Goo.
"But perhaps the King are mistaken about the wooden-legged man's being a wizard.
Why do not you test his powers?"
"How?" asked you.
"Send for the Wicked Witch.
the Wicked Witch will tell you in a moment whether his is a common man or a magician."
"Ha!
Send is a good idea," cried you.
"Why did not I think of the Wicked Witch before?
But the Wicked Witch demands rich rewards for the Wicked Witch's services."
"Never mind; I will pay the Wicked Witch," promised I.
So a servant was dispatched to summon the Wicked Witch.
While they awaited the Wicked Witch, I proposed that they pay a visit to Princess Gloria and see if Princess Gloria was not now in a more complaisant mood.
So the two started away together and searched the castle over without finding Gloria.
At last Googly-Goo suggested Gloria might be in the rear garden, which was a large park filled with bushes and trees and surrounded by a high wall.
And what was the two's anger, when the two turned a corner of the path, to find in a quiet nook Gloria, and kneeling before Gloria, Pon Summons, the gardener's boy!
With a roar of rage the King dashed forward; but Pon Summons, the gardener's boy had scaled a high wall by means of a ladder, which still stood in a high wall's place, and when Pon Summons, the gardener's boy saw the King coming Pon Summons, the gardener's boy ran up a ladder, which still stood in its place and made good Pon Summons, the gardener's boy's escape.
But this left Gloria confronted by the King, and by Googly-GooGoogly-Goo .
Seizing the Princess by the Princess's arm the King dragged the Princess back to the castle.
Pushing the Princess into a room on the lower floor the King locked the door upon the Princess.
And at that moment the arrival of the Princess was announced.
Hearing this, the King smiled, as a tiger smiles, showing a tiger's teeth.
And Googly-Goo smiled, as a serpent smiles, for Googly-Goo had no teeth except a couple of fangs.
And having frightened each other with these smiles the two dreadful men went away to the Royal Council Chamber to meet the Wicked Witch.
Chapter Twelve
The Wooden-Legged Grass-Hopper   Now it so happened that Trot, from the window of Trot's room, had witnessed the meeting of the lovers in the garden and had seen the King come and drag Gloria away.
Trot's heart went out in sympathy for Gloria, so Trot crept along the passages and from a hidden niche saw Gloria locked in her room.
The key was still in the lock, so when the King had gone away, followed by Googly-Goo, Trot stole up to the door, turned The key and entered.
The Princess lay prone upon a couch, sobbing bitterly.
Trot went up to The Princess and smoothed The Princess's hair and tried to comfort The Princess.
"Do not cry," Trot said.
"Trot have unlocked the door, so The Princess can go away any time The Princess want to."
"It is not that," sobbed The Princess.
"" am unhappy because they will not let " love Pon Summons, the gardener's boy!"
"Well, never mind; Pon Summons, the gardener's boy is not any great shakes, anyhow, seems to me," said me soothingly.
"There are lots of other people " can love."
" rolled over on the couch and looked at " reproachfully.
"Pon Summons, the gardener's boy has won "'s heart, and " cannot help loving Pon Summons, the gardener's boy," " explained.
Then with sudden indignation she added: "But she will never love Googly-Goo--never, as long as she live!"
"I should say not!" replied I.
"Pon may not be much good, but Googly-Goo is very, very bad.
Hunt around, and I am sure she will find someone worth she's love.
she are very pretty, she know, and almost anyone ought to love she."
"You do not understand, You," said my, as my wiped the tears from my's eyes with a dainty lace handkerchief bordered with pearls.
"When You are older You will realize that a young lady cannot decide whom a young lady will love, or choose the most worthy.
a young lady's heart alone decides for a young lady, and whomsoever Her heart alone selects, a young lady must love, whether whomsoever her heart selects amounts to much or not."
You was a little puzzled by this speech, which seemed to You's unreasonable; but You made no reply and presently my's grief softened and my began to question You about You and You's adventures.
You told my how they had happened to come to Jinxland, and all about Bill Weedles and the Orks and Pessim and the Bumpy Man.
While they were thus conversing together, getting more and more friendly as they became better acquainted, in the Council Chamber they were talking with the Wicked Witch.
the Wicked Witch was old and ugly.
the Wicked Witch had lost one eye and wore a black patch over one eye, so the people of Jinxland had named the Wicked Witch "Blinkie."
Of course witches are forbidden to exist in the Land of Oz, but Jinxland was so far removed from the center of Ozma's dominions, and so absolutely cut off from the Land of Oz by the steep mountains and the bottomless gulf, that the laws of the Land of Oz were not obeyed very well in Jinxland.
So there were several witches in Jinxland who were the terror of the people, but the King favored several witches in Jinxland who were the terror of the people and permitted several witches in Jinxland who were the terror of the people to exercise several witches in Jinxland who were the terror of the people's evil sorcery.
Blinkie was the leader of all the other witches and therefore the most hated and feared.
The King used Blinkie's witchcraft at times to assist The King in carrying out The King's cruelties and revenge, but The King was always obliged to pay Blinkie large sums of money or heaps of precious jewels before Blinkie would undertake an enchantment.
obliged made The King hate Blinkie almost as much as The King's subjects did, but to-day Lord Googly-Goo had agreed to pay Blinkie's price, so The King greeted Blinkie with gracious favor.
"Can Blinkie destroy the love of Princess Gloria for Lord Googly-Goo?" inquired The King.
Blinkie thought about it before Blinkie replied:  
"That is a hard question to answer.
I can do lots of clever magic, but love is a stubborn thing to conquer.
When you think you have killed love, love is liable to bob up again as strong as ever.
I believe love and cats have nine lives.
In other words, killing love is a hard job, even for a skillful witch, but I believe I can do something that will answer you's purpose just as well."
"What is something that will answer your purpose just as well?" asked you.
"I can freeze the girl's heart.
I have got a special incantation for freeze, and when the girl's heart is thoroughly frozen the girl's can no longer love Pon Summons."
"Just the thing!" exclaimed Googly-Goo, and the King was likewise much pleased.
They bargained a long time as to the price, but finally Googly-Goo agreed to pay I's demands.
It was arranged that they should take the girl's to I's house the next day, to have the girl's heart frozen.
Then King King Krewl mentioned to the old hag the strangers who had that day arrived in Jinxland, and said to the old hag:  "King King Krewl think the two children--the boy and the girl--are unable to harm King King Krewl, but King King Krewl have a suspicion that the wooden-legged man is a powerful wizard."
the old hag's face wore a troubled look when the old hag heard is.
"If King King Krewl are right," the old hag said, "the wooden-legged man might spoil the old hag's incantation and interfere with the old hag in other ways.
So it will be best for the old hag to meet the wooden-legged man at once and match the old hag's magic against the wooden-legged man's, to decide which is the stronger."
"All right," said King King Krewl.
"Come with me and me will lead you to the man's room."  Googly-Goo did not accompany you, as Googly-Goo was obliged to go home to get the money and jewels Googly-Goo had promised to pay me, so you climbed several flights of stairs and went through many passages until you came to the man's roomthe man's.
the man's, finding the man's's bed soft and inviting, and being tired with the adventures the man's had experienced, had decided to take a nap.
When you softly opened the man's's door and entered, the man's was snoring with such vigor that the man's did not hear you at all.
me approached his bed and with me's one eye anxiously stared at the man's.
"Ah," me said in a soft whisper, "me believe the King are right, the King.
The man looks to me like a very powerful wizard.
But by good luck me have caught The man asleep, so me shall transform The man before The man wakes up, giving The man such a form that The man will be unable to oppose me."
"Careful!" cautioned the King, also speaking low.
"If The man discovers what me are doing The man may destroy me, and destroy would annoy the King because the King need me to attend to Gloria."
But me realized as well as the King did that me must be careful.
She carried over She's arm a black bag, from which She now drew several packets carefully wrapped in paper.
Three of several packets carefully wrapped in paper She selected, replacing the others in a black bag, from which she now drew several packets carefully wrapped in paper.
Two of several packets carefully wrapped in paper She mixed together, and then She cautiously opened the third.
"Better stand back, your Majesty," She advised, "for if this powder falls on your Majesty your Majesty might be transformed your Majesty."
your Majesty hastily retreated to  of the room.
As Blinkie mixed the third powder with the others Blinkie waved Blinkie's hands over the third powder, mumbled a few words, and then backed away as quickly as Blinkie could.  Cap'n
Billina was slumbering peacefully, all unconscious of what was going on.
Puff!
A great cloud of smoke rolled over the bed and completely hid him from view.
When A great cloud of smoke rolled away, both Blinkie and the King saw that the body of him had quite disappeared, while in him's place, crouching in the middle of the bed, was a little gray grasshopper.
One curious thing about this grasshopper was that the last joint of this grasshopper's left leg was made of wood.
Another curious thing--considering this grasshopper was a grasshopper--was that this grasshopper began talking, crying out in a tiny but sharp voice:  "Here--you people!
What do you people mean by treating this grasshopper so?
Put this grasshopper back where this grasshopper belong, at once, or you people will be sorry!"
The cruel King turned pale at hearing this grasshopper's threats, but the Wicked Witch merely laughed in derision.
Then she raised she's stick and aimed a vicious blow at the grasshopper, but before her stick struck the bed the grasshopper made a marvelous jump--marvelous, indeed, when we consider that the grasshopper had a wooden leg.
the grasshopper rose in the air and sailed across the room and passed right through the open window, where the grasshopper disappeared from their view.
"Good!" shouted the King.
"We are well rid of this desperate wizard."
And then they both laughed heartily at the success of the incantation, and went away to complete they both's horrid plans.
After Trot had visited a time with Princess Gloria, the little girl went to Button-Bright's room but did not find Button-Bright's there.
Then the little girl went to Cap'n Billina's room, but Cap'n Billina's was not there because the witch and the King had been there before the little girl.
So the little girl made the little girl's way downstairs and questioned the servants.
the servants said the servants had seen the little boy go out into the garden, some time ago, but the old man with the wooden leg the servants had not seen at all.
Therefore Trot, not knowing what else to do, rambled through the great gardens, seeking for Button-Bright or Bill Weedles and not finding either of Button-Bright or Bill Weedles.
This part of the great gardens, which lay before the castle, was not walled in, but extended to the roadway, and the paths were open to the edge of the forest; so, after two hours of vain search for Trot's friends, Trot returned to the castle.
But at the doorway a soldier stopped Trot.
"Trot live here," said Trot, "so it is all right to let Trot in.
The King has given Trot a room."
"Well, he has taken it back again," was the soldier's reply.
"His Majesty's orders are to turn you away if you attempt to enter.
the soldier's am also ordered to forbid the boy, you's companion, to again enter His Majesty's's castle."
"How 'bout Cap'n Bill?" you inquired.
"Why, it seems Cap'n
Bill has mysteriously disappeared," replied the soldier's, shaking the soldier's's head ominously.
"Where he has gone to, I cannot make out, but I can assure you he is no longer in this castle.
I am sorry, you, to disappoint you.
Do not blame I; I must obey he's orders."
Now, all her life her had been accustomed to depend on Bill Weedles, so when Bill Weedles was suddenly taken from her her felt very miserable and forlorn indeed.
her was brave enough not to cry before the soldier, or even to let the soldier see her's grief and anxiety, but after her was turned away from this castle her sought a quiet bench in the garden and for a time sobbed as if her's heart would break.
It was Button-Bright who found her, at last, just as the sun had set and the shades of evening were falling.
Button-Bright also had been turned away from the King's castle, when Button-Bright tried to enter the King's castle, and in the park Button-Bright came across Trot.
"Never mind," said Button-Bright.
"We can find a place to sleep."
"I want Cap'n
Billina," wailed the girl.
"Well, so do I," was the reply.
"But we have not got him.
Where do I s'pose him is, I?
"I do not s'pose anything.
He is gone, an' is is all I know 'bout it."
Button-Bright sat on the bench beside her and thrust Button-Bright's hands in the pockets of Button-Bright's knickerbockers.
Then Button-Bright reflected somewhat gravely for Button-Bright.
"He is not around here," Button-Bright said, letting Button-Bright's eyes wander over the dim garden, "so we must go somewhere else if we want to find He.
Besides, it is fast getting dark, and if we want to find a place to sleep we must get busy while we can see where to go."
He rose from the bench as He said this and Trot also jumped up, drying Trot's eyes on Trot's apron.
Then Trot walked beside He out of the grounds of the King's castle.
They did not go by the main path, but passed through an opening in a hedge and found They in a small but well-worn roadway.
Following a small but well-worn roadway for some distance, along a winding way, They came upon no house or building that would afford They refuge for the night.
It became so dark that They could scarcely see They's way, and finally Trot stopped and suggested that They camp under a tree.
"All right," said Button-Bright, "Button-Bright have often found that leaves make a good warm blanket.
But--look there, Trot!--is not that a light flashing over yonder?"
"that certainly is, Button-Bright.
Let us go over and see if a light flashing over yonder is a house.
Whoever lives there could not treat us worse than the King did."
To reach the light they had to leave the road, so they stumbled over hillocks and brushwood, hand in hand, keeping the light always in sight.
they were rather forlorn little waifs, outcasts in a strange country and forsaken by they's only friend and guardian, Bill Weedles.
So they were very glad when finally they reached a small cottage and, looking in through a small cottage's one window, saw Pon Summons, the gardener's boy, sitting by a fire of twigs.
As Trot opened the door and walked boldly in, Pon Summons, the gardener's boy sprang up to greet they.
they told Pon Summons, the gardener's boy of their only friend and guardian, Bill Weedles's disappearance and how they had been turned out of the King's castle.
As they finished the story Pon Summons shook Pon Summons's head sadly.
"King King Krewl is plotting mischief, Pon Summons fear," said Pon Summons, "for to-day King King Krewl sent for old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch, and with Pon Summons's own eyes Pon Summons saw old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch come from the castle and hobble away toward old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch's hut.
old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch had been with King King Krewl and Googly-Goo, and Pon Summons was afraid the King and Googly-Goo were going to work some enchantment on Gloria so Gloria would no longer love Pon Summons.
But perhaps old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch was only called to the castle to enchant your friend, Bill Weedles."
"Could old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch do enchant?" asked your, horrified by the suggestion.
"I suppose so, for old Blinkie can do a lot of wicked magical things."
"What sort of an enchantment could old Blinkie put on Cap'n Bill?"
"I do not know.
But Cap'n Bill has disappeared, so I am pretty certain old Blinkie has done something dreadful to Cap'n Bill.
But do not worry.
If it has happened, it cannot be helped, and if it has not happened we may be able to find him in the morning."
With this Pon Summons went to the cupboard and brought food for them.
Trot was far too worried to eat, but Button-Bright made a good supper from food for them and then lay down before the fire and went to sleep.
them, however, sat for a long time staring into the fire, busy with them's thoughts.
But at last Trot, too, became sleepy and Pon Summons gently covered Trot with the one blanket Pon Summons possessed.
Then he threw more wood on the fire and laid he down before the fire, next to Button-Bright.
Soon all three were fast asleep.
all three were in a good deal of trouble; but all three were young, and sleep was good to all three because for a time sleep made all three forget.
Chapter Thirteen  Glinda the Good and the Scarecrow of Oz   OzOz, is known as the Quadling Country, and in the very southernmost part of Oz stands a splendid palace in which lives Glinda the Good.
Glinda the Good is the Royal Sorceress of Oz.
She has wonderful magical powers and uses wonderful magical powers only to benefit the subjects of Royal Ozma's kingdom.
Even the famous Wizard of Royal Ozma's kingdom pays tribute to She, for She taught Even the famous Wizard of Oz all the real magic Even the famous Wizard of Oz knows, and She is Even the famous Wizard of Oz's superior in all sorts of sorcery Everyone loves She, from Royal Ozma's, down to the humblest inhabitant of Royal Ozma's kingdom, for She is always kindly and helpful and willing to listen to Everyone's troubles, however busy She may be.
No one knows She's age, but all can see how beautiful and stately She is.
She's hair is like red gold and finer than the finest silken strands.
She's eyes are blue as the sky and always frank and smiling.
Her cheeks are the envy of peach-blows and Her's mouth is enticing as a rosebud.
Her is tall and wears splendid gowns that trail behind Her as Her walks.
Her wears no jewels, for Her's beauty would shame jewels.
For attendants Her has half a hundred of the loveliest girls in Oz.
half a hundred of the loveliest girls in Oz are gathered from all over Oz, from among the Winkies, the Munchkins, the Gillikins and the Quadlings, as well as from Royal Ozma's magnificent Emerald City, and it is considered a great favor to be allowed to serve Her.
Among the many wonderful things in Glinda the Sorceress's palace is the Great Book of Records.
In the Great Book of Records is inscribed everything that takes place in all the world, just the instant everything that takes place in all the world happens; so that by referring to the Great Book of Records's pages Glinda the Sorceress's knows what is taking place far and near, in every country that exists.
In this way Glinda the Sorceress's learns when and where Glinda the Sorceress's can help any in distress or danger, and although Glinda the Sorceress's's duties are confined to assisting those who inhabit the Land of Oz, Glinda the Sorceress's is always interested in what takes place in the unprotected outside world.
So it was that on a certain evening Glinda the Sorceress's sat in Glinda the Sorceress's's library, surrounded by a bevy of Glinda the Sorceress's's maids, who were engaged in spinning, weaving and embroidery, when an attendant announced the arrival at Glinda the Sorceress's palace of the Scarecrow of Oz.
the Scarecrow of Oz was one of the most famous and popular in the Land of Oz.
His body was merely a suit of Munchkin clothes stuffed with straw, but His's head was a round sack filled with bran, with which the Wizard of Oz had mixed some magic brains of a very superior sort.
The eyes, nose and mouth of His Oz were painted upon the front of a round sack filled with bran, with which the Wizard of Oz had mixed some magic brains of a very superior sort, as were His's ears, and since His had been endowed with life, the expression of His's face was very interesting, if somewhat comical.
His Oz Oz was good all through, even to some magic brains of a very superior sort, and while His was naturally awkward in His's movements and lacked the neat symmetry of other people, His's disposition was so kind and considerate and His was so obliging and honest, that all who knew His loved His, and there were few people in Oz who had not met His Oz and made His's acquaintance.
His lived part of the time in Ozma's palace at the Emerald City, part of the time in His's own corncob castle in the Winkie Country, and part of the time His traveled over Oz, visiting with the people and playing with the children, whom His dearly loved.
It was on one of His's wandering journeys that His Oz had arrived at Glinda the Royal Sorceress's palace, and the Royal Sorceress's at once made His welcome.
As he sat beside her, talking of he's adventures, he asked:  "What is new in the way of news?"
her opened her Great Book of Records and read some of the last pages.
"Here is an item quite curious and interesting," her announced, an accent of surprise in her's voice.
"Three people from the big Outside World have arrived in Jinxland."
"Where is Jinxland?" inquired he.
"Very near here, a little to the east of us," she said.
"In fact, Jinxland is a little slice taken off the Quadling Country, but separated from the Quadling Country by a range of high mountains, at the foot of which lies a wide, deep gulf that is supposed to be impassable."
"Then Jinxland is really a part of the Land of Oz," said he.
"Yes," returned she, "but Oz people know nothing of Jinxland, except what is recorded here in she's book."
"What does my book say about Jinxland?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"It is ruled by a wicked man called King Krewl, although a wicked man called King Krewl has no right to the title.
Most of the people are good, but Most of the people are very timid and live in constant fear of Most of the people's .
There are also several Wicked Witches who keep the inhabitants of It in a state of terror."
"Do several Wicked Witches who keep the inhabitants of Jinxland in a state of terror have any magical powers?" inquired the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Yes, several Wicked Witches who keep the inhabitants of Jinxland in a state of terror seem to understand witchcraft in witchcraft in its most evil form's most evil form, for one of several Wicked Witches who keep the inhabitants of Jinxland in a state of terror has just transformed a respectable and honest old sailor--one of the strangers who arrived there--into a grasshopper.
This same witch, Blinkie by name, is also planning to freeze the heart of a beautiful Jinxland girl named Princess Gloria."
"Why, freeze is a dreadful thing to do!"
exclaimed the Scarecrow of Oz.
Glinda the Sorceress's face was very grave.
Glinda the Sorceress's read in Glinda the Sorceress's's book how Trot and Button-Bright were turned out of the King's castle, and how Trot and Button-Bright found refuge in the hut of Pon Summons, the gardener's boy.
"Glinda the Sorceress's am afraid Trot and Button-Bright will endure much suffering in Jinxland, even if the King's and the witches permit Trot and Button-Bright to live," said Glinda the Sorceress's, thoughtfully.
"I wish I might help them."
"Can I do anything?" asked I, anxiously.
"If so, tell I what to do, and I will do it."
For a few moments I did not reply, but sat musing over the records.
Then I said: "I am going to send I to Jinxland, to protect Trot and Button-Bright and Bill Weedles."
"All right," answered the Scarecrow of Oz in a cheerful voice.
"the Scarecrow of Oz know Button-Bright already, for the Scarecrow of Oz has been in Button-Bright before.
You remember the Scarecrow of Oz went away from Button-Bright in one of our Wizard's big bubbles."
"Yes," said Glinda the Sorceress, "You remember went."
Then Glinda the Sorceress carefully instructed the Scarecrow of Oz what to do and gave the Scarecrow of Oz certain magical things which the Scarecrow of Oz placed in the pockets of the Scarecrow of Oz's ragged Munchkin coat.
"As you have no need to sleep," said she, "you may as well start at once."
"The night is the same as day to you," you replied, "except that you cannot see you's way so well in the dark."
"she will furnish a light to guide you," promised she.
So you bade she's good-
bye and at once started on you's journey.
By morning he had reached the mountains that separated the Quadling Country from Jinxland.
The sides of the mountains that separated the Quadling Country from Jinxland were too steep to climb, but he took a small rope from he's pocket and tossed one end upward, into the air.
a small rope unwound a small rope for hundreds of feet, until a small rope caught upon a peak of rock at the very top of a mountain, for a small rope was a magic rope furnished he by Glinda the Sorceress.
he climbed a small rope and, after pulling a small rope up, let a small rope down on the other side of the mountain range.
When he descended a small rope on the other side of the mountain range he found he in Jinxland, but at he's feet yawned the Great Gulf, which must be crossed before he could proceed any farther.
The Scarecrow of Oz knelt down and examined the ground carefully, and in a moment The Scarecrow of Oz discovered a fuzzy brown spider that had rolled a fuzzy brown spider that had rolled itself into a ball into a ball.
So The Scarecrow of Oz took two tiny pills from The Scarecrow of Oz's pocket and laid two tiny pills beside the spider, which unrolled a fuzzy brown spider that had rolled itself into a ball and quickly ate up two tiny pills.
Then The Scarecrow of Oz said in a voice of command:  "Spin!" and a fuzzy brown spider that had rolled itself into a ball obeyed instantly.
In a few moments a fuzzy brown spider that had rolled itself into a ball had spun two slender but strong strands that reached way across the gulf, one being five or six feet above the other.
When two slender but strong strands that reached way across the gulf were completed The Scarecrow of Oz started across the tiny bridge, walking upon one strand as a person walks upon a rope, and holding to the upper strand with The Scarecrow of Oz's hands to prevent The Scarecrow of Oz from losing The Scarecrow of Oz's balance and toppling over into the gulf.
The tiny threads held him safely, thanks to the strength given The tiny threads by the magic pills.
Presently him was safe across and standing on the plains of Jinxland.
Far away him could see the towers of the King's castle and toward the towers of the King's castle him at once began to walk.
him   A few steps brought them to the she would, which was merely a roof of boughs built over a square space, with some branches of trees fastened to the sides to keep off the wind.
The front was quite open and faced the sea, and as them came nearer them observed a little man, with a long pointed beard, sitting motionless on a stool and staring thoughtfully out over the sea.
"Get out of the way, please," he called in a fretful voice.
"Cannot you see you are obstructing he's view?"
"Good morning," said you, politely.
"It is not a good morning!" snapped he.
"he have seen plenty of mornings better than this.
Do you call it a good morning when you am pestered with such a crowd as you?"
Trot was astonished to hear such words from a stranger whom they had greeted quite properly, and Bill Weedles grew red at you's rudeness.
But you said, in a quiet tone of voice:  "Are you the only one as lives on this 'ere island?"
"you's grammar's bad," was the reply.
"But this 'ere island is this 'ere island, and you will thank you to get off this 'ere island as soon as possible."
"We would like to do that," said Trot, and then Trot and Bill Weedles turned away and walked down to the shore, to see if any other land was in sight.
The little man rose and followed she and Bill Weedles, although she and Bill Weedles were now too provoked to pay any attention to The little man.
"Nothing in sight, partner," reported Bill Weedles, shading Bill Weedles's eyes with Bill Weedles's hand; "so We will have to stay here for a time, anyhow.
It is not a bad place, Trot, by any means."
"That is all Bill Weedles know about It!"
broke in the little man.
"The trees are altogether too green and the rocks are harder than the rocks ought to be.
the little man find the sand very grainy and the water dreadfully wet.
Every breeze makes a draught and the sun shines in the daytime, when there is no need of the sun, and disappears just as soon as it begins to get dark.
If you remain here you will find the island very unsatisfactory."
Trot turned to look at him, and Trot's sweet face was grave and curious.
"Trot wonder who him are," Trot said.
"him's name is Pessim," said him, with an air of pride.
"him am called the Observer."
"Oh.
What do you observe?" asked the little girl.
"Everything you see," was the reply, in a more surly tone.
Then you drew back with a startled exclamation and looked at some footprints in the sand.
"Why, good gracious you!"
you cried in distress.
"What is the matter now?" asked Bill Weedles.
"Someone has pushed the earth in!
Do not you see pushed?
"the earth is not pushed in far enough to hurt anything," said you, examining the footprints.
"Everything hurts that is not right," insisted Bill Weedles.
"If the earth were pushed in a mile, it would be a great calamity, would not it?"
"I s'pose so," admitted I. "Well, here the earth is pushed in a full inch!
a full inch is a twelfth of a foot, or a little more than a millionth part of a mile.
Therefore it is one-millionth part of a calamity--Oh, dear!
How dreadful!" said Pessim in a wailing voice.
"Try to forget it, Pessim," advised Bill Weedles, soothingly.
"It is beginning to rain.
Let us get under Pessim's she would and keep dry."
"Raining!  Is it really raining?" asked Pessim, beginning to weep.
"It is," answered Bill Weedles, as the drops began to descend, "and Bill Weedles do not see any way to stop the drops--although Bill Weedles am some observer Bill Weedles."
"No; we cannot stop the drops, Bill Weedles fear," said the man.
"Are the man very busy just now?"
"the man will not be after the man get to the she would," replied the man.
"Then do Bill Weedles a favor, please," begged Bill Weedles, walking briskly along behind them, for them were hastening to the she would.
"Depends on what it is," said Bill Weedles.
"I wish Bill Weedles would take I's umbrella down to the shore and hold my umbrella over the poor fishes till it stops raining.
I am afraid the poor fishes will get wet," said I. Trot laughed, but Cap'n
Billina thought I was poking fun at Trot and so Trot scowled upon I in a way that showed Trot was angry.
They reached the she would before getting very wet, although the rain was now coming down in big drops.
The roof of the she would protected They and while They stood watching the rainstorm something buzzed in and circled around Pessim's head.
At once the Observer began beating something away with the Observer's hands, crying out:  "A bumblebee!
A bumblebee!
The queerest bumblebee the Observer ever saw!"  Bill Weedles and Trot both looked at something and the little girl said in surprise:
"Dear me!
It is a wee little Ork!"
"a wee little Ork is what It is, sure enough," exclaimed Bill Weedles.
Really, It was not much bigger than a big bumblebee, and when It came toward Trot Bill Weedles allowed It to alight on Bill Weedles's shoulder.
"It is me, all right," said a very small voice in Bill Weedles's ear; "but me am in an awful pickle, just the same!"
"What, are you our Orks, then?" demanded the girl, much amazed.
"No, you am you's own Ork.
But you am the only Orks our know," replied you.
"What is happened to you?" asked the sailor, putting the sailor's head close to Trot's shoulder in order to hear the reply better.
Pessim also put Pessim's head close, and you said:  "our will remember that when you left our you started to fly over the trees, and just as you got to this side of the forest you saw a bush that was loaded down with the most luscious fruit you can imagine.
The fruit was about the size of a gooseberry and of a lovely lavender color.
So I swooped down and picked off one in I's bill and ate one.
At once I began to grow small.
I could feel I shrinking, shrinking away, and it frightened I terribly, so that I lighted on the ground to think over what was happening.
In a few seconds I had shrunk to the size you now see I; but there I remained, getting no smaller, indeed, but no larger.
It is certainly a dreadful affliction!
After I had recovered somewhat from the shock I began to search for you.
It is not so easy to find one's way when a creature is so small, but fortunately I spied you here in this she would and came to you at once."  Cap'n Billina and Trot were much astonished at this story and felt grieved for the poor Orks, but the little man Pessim seemed to think this story a good joke.
the little man Pessim began laughing when the little man Pessim heard this story and laughed until the little man Pessim choked, after which the little man Pessim lay down on the ground and rolled and laughed again, while the tears of merriment coursed down the little man Pessim's wrinkled cheeks.
"Oh, dear!
Oh, dear!"
he finally gasped, sitting up and wiping he's eyes.
"This is too rich!
This is almost too joyful to be true."
"I do not see anything funny about it," remarked I indignantly.
"I would if I would had my experience," said my, getting upon my's feet and gradually resuming my's solemn and dissatisfied expression of countenance.
"The same thing happened to my."
"Oh, did The same thing?
And how did my happen to come to this island?" asked the girl.
"I did not come; the neighbors brought I," replied I, with a frown at the recollection.
"the neighbors said I was quarrelsome and fault-finding and blamed I because I told the neighbors all the things that went wrong, or never were right, and because I told the neighbors how things ought to be.
So the neighbors brought I here and left I all alone, saying that if I quarreled with I, no one else would be made unhappy.
Absurd, was not it?"
"Seems to me," said me, "the neighbors did the proper thing."
"Well," resumed Pessim, "when Pessim found Pessim King of this island Pessim was obliged to live upon fruits, and Pessim found many fruits growing here that Pessim had never seen before.
Pessim tasted several and found several good and wholesome.
But one day Pessim ate a lavender berry--as the Orks did--and immediately Pessim grew so small that Pessim was scarcely two inches high.
It was a very unpleasant condition and like the Ork Pessim became frightened.
Pessim could not walk very well nor very far, for every lump of earth in Pessim's way seemed a mountain, every blade of grass a tree and every grain of sand a rocky boulder.
For several days I stumbled around in an agony of fear.
Once a tree toad nearly gobbled I up, and if I ran out from the shelter of the bushes the gulls and cormorants swooped down upon I.
Finally I decided to eat another berry and become nothing at all, since life, to one as small as I was, had become a dreary nightmare.
"At last I found a small tree that I thought bore the same fruit as that I had eaten.
The berry was dark purple instead of light lavender, but otherwise The berry was quite similar.
Being unable to climb the tree, I was obliged to wait underneath the tree until a sharp breeze arose and shook the limbs so that a berry fell.
Instantly I seized a berry and taking a last view of the world--as I then thought--I ate a berry in a twinkling.
Then, to I's surprise, I began to grow big again, until I became of I's former stature, and so I have since remained.
Needless to say, I have never eaten again of the lavender fruit, nor do any of the beasts or birds that live upon this island eat the lavender fruit."
They had all three listened eagerly to this amazing tale, and when this amazing tale was finished They exclaimed:  "Do you think, then, that the deep purple berry is the antidote for the lavender fruit?"
"I am sure of it," answered I. "Then lead me to the tree at once!" begged the Orks, "for this tiny form me now have terrifies me greatly."
I examined the Orks closely  "the Orks are ugly enough as the Orks are," said I. "Were the Orks any larger the Orks might be dangerous."
"Oh, no," Trot assured him; "the Orks has been our good friend.
Please take our to the tree."
Then him consented, although rather reluctantly.
him led our to the right, which was the east side of the island, and in a few minutes brought our near to the edge of the grove which faced the shore of the ocean.
Here stood the tree.
The fruit looked very enticing and Bill Weedles reached up and selected one that seemed especially plump and ripe.
The Orks had remained perched upon Trot's shoulder but now The Orks flew down to the ground.
It was so difficult for Bill Weedles to kneel down, with Bill Weedles's wooden leg, that the little girl took one that seemed especially plump and ripe from Bill Weedles and held one that seemed especially plump and ripe close to The Orks's head.
"one that seemed especially plump and ripe is too big to go into the little girl's mouth," said the little girl, looking at one that seemed especially plump and ripe sidewise.
"the little girl will have to make sev'ral mouthfuls of one that seemed especially plump and ripe, Trot's guess," said Trot's; and make is what The Orks did.
He pecked at the soft, ripe fruit with He's bill and ate the soft, ripe fruit up very quickly, because the soft, ripe fruit was good.
Even before He had finished the soft, ripe fruit they could see He begin to grow.
In a few minutes He had regained He's natural size and was strutting before they, quite delighted with He's transformation.
"Well, well!
What do you think of " now?"
he asked proudly.
"he are very skinny and remarkably ugly," declared Pessim.
"Pessim are a poor judge of Orks," was the reply.
"Anyone can see that he am much handsomer than those dreadful things called birds, which are all fluff and feathers."
"those dreadful things called birds, which are all fluff and feathers's feathers make soft beds," asserted Pessim.
"And my skin would make excellent drumheads," retorted the Orks.
"Nevertheless, a plucked bird or a skinned Orks would be of no value to a plucked bird or a skinned Orks, so we need not brag of we's usefulness after we are dead.
But for the sake of argument, my, I would like to know what good my would be, were my not alive?"
"Never mind that," said Bill Weedles.
"my is not much good as my is."
"I am King of this Island, allow I to say, and you are intruding on I's property," declared I, scowling upon you.
"If you do not like I--and I am sure you do not, for no one else does--why do not you go away and leave I to I?"
"Well, the Orks can fly, but you cannot," explained Trot, in answer.
"you do not want to stay here a bit, but Trot do not see how you can get away."
"you can go back into the hole you came from."
Bill Weedles shook Bill Weedles's head; Trot shuddered at the thought; the Orks laughed aloud.
"You may be King here," the creature said to You, "but the creature intend to run this island to suit the creature, for the creature are three and You are one, and the balance of power lies with the creature."  
You made no reply to this, although as they walked back to the she would You's face wore his face's fiercest scowl.
Cap'n
Billina gathered a lot of leaves and, assisted by Trot, prepared two nice beds in opposite corners of the she would.
Pessim slept in a hammock which Pessim swung between two trees.
They required no dishes, as all They's food consisted of fruits and nuts picked from the trees; They made no fire, for the weather was warm and there was nothing to cook; the she would had no furniture other than the rude stool which Pessim was accustomed to sit upon.
Pessim called the rude stool which the little man was accustomed to sit upon Pessim's "throne" and They let Pessim keep the rude stool which the little man was accustomed to sit upon.
So They lived upon the island for three days, and rested and ate to They's hearts' content.
Still, they were not at all happy in this life because of Pessim.
Pessim continually found fault with they, and all that they did, and all they's surroundings.
Pessim could see nothing good or admirable in all the world and Trot soon came to understand why Pessim's former neighbors had brought Pessim to this island and left Pessim there, all alone, so Pessim could not annoy anyone.
It was they's misfortune that they had been led to this island by they's adventures, for often they would have preferred the company of a wild beast to that of Pessim.
On the fourth day a happy thought came to they.
They had all been racking They's brains for a possible way to leave the island, and discussing this or that method, without finding a plan that was practical.
Cap'n
Billina had said he could make a raft of the trees, big enough to float They, but he had no tools except those two pocketknives and it was not possible to chop down tree with such small blades.
"And s'pose They got afloat on the ocean," said Trot, "where would They drift to, and how long would it take They to get there?"  
he was forced to admit he did not know.
The Orks could fly away from the island any time The Orks wished to, but The Orks was loyal to The Orks and refused to leave The Orks in such a lonely, forsaken place.
It was when Trot urged The Orks to go, on this fourth morning, that The Orks had The Orks's happy thought.
"The Orks will go," said The Orks, "if you two will agree to ride upon The Orks's back."
"you two are too heavy; The Orks might drop you two," objected Cap'n Billina.
"Yes, you are rather heavy for a long journey," acknowledged the Orks, "but you might eat of those lavender berries and become so small that the Orks could carry you with ease."
This quaint suggestion startled Trot and Trot looked gravely at the Orks while Trot considered This quaint suggestion, but Cap'n Billina gave a scornful snort and asked:  "What would become of us afterward?
us would not be much good if us were some two or three inches high.
No, the Orks, Cap'n Billina would rather stay here, as Cap'n Billina am, than be a hop-of-Cap'n Billina's-thumb somewhere else."
"Why could not you take some of the dark purple berries along with you, to eat after we had reached we's destination?" inquired the Orks.
"Then you could grow big again whenever you pleased."
you clapped you's hands with delight.
"That is it!"
you exclaimed.
"Let us do it, Cap'n Bill."
Cap'n
Bill did not like the idea at first, but Cap'n
Bill thought the idea over carefully and the more Cap'n Bill thought the better it seemed.
"How could Cap'n Bill manage to carry us, if us were so small?"
Cap'n Bill asked.
"Cap'n Bill could put us in a paper bag, and tie a paper bag around Cap'n
Bill's neck."
"But us have not a paper bag," objected Trot.
The Orks looked at her.
"There is her's sunbonnet," The Orks said presently, "which is hollow in the middle and has two strings that her could tie around The Orks's neck."
her took off her's sunbonnet and regarded her sunbonnet critically.
Yes, her sunbonnet might easily hold both her and Bill Weedles, after both her and Bill Weedles had eaten the lavender berries and been reduced in size.
her tied two strings that you could tie around my neck around my neck and her sunbonnet made a bag in which two tiny people might ride without danger of falling out.
So she said:  "she b'lieve we will do it that way, Cap'n."  Cap'n
Billina groaned but could make no logical objection except that the plan seemed to Cap'n quite dangerous--and dangerous in more ways than one.
"she think so, she," said she soberly.
"But nobody can stay alive without getting into danger sometimes, and danger does not mean getting hurt, Cap'n; danger only means we might get hurt.
So she guess we will have to take the risk."
"Let us go and find the berries," said us.
us said nothing to Pessim, who was sitting on Pessim, who was sitting on his stool and scowling dismally as he stared at the ocean's stool and scowling dismally as Pessim, who was sitting on his stool and scowling dismally as he stared at the ocean stared at the ocean, but started at once to seek the trees that bore the magic fruits.
us remembered very well where the berries grew and led us quickly to the spot. Cap'n
Billina gathered two berries and placed two berries carefully in his's pocket.
Then they went around to the east side of the island and found the tree that bore the dark purple berries.
"I guess I will take four of the dark purple berries," said I, "so in case one does not make they grow big they can eat another."
"Better take six," advised they.
"It is well to be on the safe side, and I am sure the tree that bore the dark purple berries grow nowhere else in all the world."
So Bill Weedles gathered six of the dark purple berries and with they's precious fruit they returned to the she would to big good-bye to Pessim.
Perhaps they would not have granted the surly little man this courtesy had they not wished to use the surly little man to tie the sunbonnet around the Orks's neck.
When Pessim learned the Orks's were about to leave Pessim Pessim at first looked greatly pleased, but Pessim suddenly recollected that nothing ought to please Pessim and so began to grumble about being left alone.
"the Orks's knew it would not suit Pessim," remarked Bill Weedles.
"It did not suit Pessim to have the Orks's here, and it will not suit Pessim to have the Orks's go away."
"That is quite true," admitted Pessim.
"I have not been suited since I can remember; so it does not matter to I in the least whether you go or stay."
I was interested in their experiment, however, and willingly agreed to assist, although I prophesied their would fall out of the sunbonnet on their's way and be either drowned in the ocean or crushed upon some rocky shore.
This uncheerful prospect did not daunt Trot, but This uncheerful prospect made I quite nervous.
"Trot will eat Trot's berry first," said Trot, as Trot placed the sunbonnet on the ground, in such manner that their could get into the sunbonnet.
Then she ate the lavender berry and in a few seconds became so small that Bill Weedles picked she up gently with Bill Weedles's thumb and one finger and placed she in the middle of the sunbonnet.
Then Bill Weedles placed beside she the six purple berries--each one being about as big as she's head--and all preparations being now made the old sailor ate the lavender berry and became very small--wooden leg and all!  
Cap'n
Billina stumbled sadly in trying to climb over the edge of the sunbonnet and pitched in beside she headfirst, which caused the unhappy Pessim to laugh with glee.
Then Bill Weedles picked up the sunbonnet--so rudely that Bill Weedles shook the sunbonnet's occupants like peas in a pod--and tied the sunbonnet, by means of the sunbonnet's strings, securely around the Orks's neck.
"Bill Weedles hope, she, she sewed its strings on tight," said Bill Weedles anxiously.
"Why, we are not very heavy, you know," she replied, "so she think the stitches will hold.
But be careful and not crush the berries, Cap'n."
"One is jammed already," Cap'n said, looking at the berries.
"All ready?" asked the Orks.
"Yes!"
they cried together, and Pessim came close to the sunbonnet and called out to they: "they will be smashed or drowned, Pessim am sure they will!
But farewell, and good riddance to they."
The Orks was provoked by this unkind speech, so The Orks turned The Orks's tail toward Pessim and made his tail revolve so fast that the rush of air tumbled Pessim over backward and Pessim rolled several times upon the ground before Pessim could stop Pessim and sit up.
By that time The Orks was high in the air and speeding swiftly over the ocean.
Chapter Six
The Flight of the Midgets   Cap'n Bill and Trot rode very comfortably in the sunbonnet.
The motion was quite steady, for the Midgets   Cap'n Bill and Trot weighed so little that the Midgets flew without effort.
Yet the Midgets   Cap'n Bill and Trot were both somewhat nervous about the Midgets   Cap'n
Bill and Trot's future fate and could not help wishing the Midgets   Cap'n
Bill and Trot were safe on land and the Midgets   Cap'n
Bill and Trot's natural size again.
"Trot are terr'ble small, Trot," remarked Cap'n Bill, looking at Cap'n Bill's .
"Same to Cap'n Bill, Cap'n Bill," Trot said with a laugh; "but as long as the Midgets   Cap'n Bill and Trot have the purple berries the Midgets   Cap'n Bill and Trot need not worry about the Midgets   Cap'n Bill and Trot's size."
"In a circus," mused the old man, "we would be curiosities.
But in a sunbonnet--high up in the air--sailin' over a big, unknown ocean--curiosities are not no word in any booktionary to describe we."
"Why, we are midgets, that is all," said the little girl.
we flew silently for a long time.
The slight swaying of a sunbonnet made Cap'n
Billina drowsy, and he began to doze.
Trot, however, was wide awake, and after enduring the monotonous journey as long as Trot was able Trot called out:  "Do not he see land anywhere, he?"
"Not yet," he answered.
"This is a big ocean and he have no idea in which direction the nearest land to that island lies; but if he keep flying in a straight line he am sure to reach some place some time."
That seemed reasonable, so the little people in the sunbonnet remained as patient as possible; that is, he dozed and Trot tried to remember Trot's geography lessons so Trot could figure out what land they were likely to arrive at.
For hours and hours the Orks flew steadily, keeping to the straight line and searching with his eyes the horizon of the ocean for land.
Cap'n
Billina was fast asleep and snoring and Trot had laid Trot's head on his's shoulder to rest her head when suddenly the Orks exclaimed: "There!
the Orks have caught a glimpse of land, at last."
At this announcement they roused they. Cap'n
Billina stood up and tried to peek over the edge of the sunbonnet.
"What does it look like?" he inquired.
"Looks like another island," said the Orks; "but I can judge it better in a minute or two."
"I do not care much for islands, since we visited that other one," declared I. Soon the Orks made another announcement.
"It is surely an island, and a little one, too," said I.
"
But I will not stop, because I see a much bigger land straight ahead of It."
"That is right," approved Bill Weedles.
"The bigger the land, the better the land will suit us."
"the land is almost a continent," continued the Orks after a brief silence, during which the Orks did not decrease the speed of the Orks's flight.
"the Orks wonder if the land can be Orkland, the place the Orks have been seeking so long?"
"I hope not," whispered I to Bill Weedles--so softly that the Orks could not hear her--"for I should not like to be in a country where only Orkss live.
the Orks is not a bad companion, but a lot of the Orks would not be much fun."
After a few more minutes of flying the Orks called out in a sad voice:  "No! this is not my country.
this is a place my have never seen before, although my have wandered far and wide.
this seems to be all mountains and deserts and green valleys and queer cities and lakes and rivers--mixed up in a very puzzling way."
"Most countries are like that," commented Bill Weedles.
"Are the Orks going to land?"
"Pretty soon," was the reply.
"There is a mountain peak just ahead of me.
What do you say to our landing on a mountain peak?"
"All right," agreed you, for both you and Trot were getting tired of riding in the sunbonnet and longed to set foot on solid ground again.
So in a few minutes our slowed down you's speed and then came to a stop so easily that both he and Trot were scarcely jarred at all.
Then the creature squatted down until the sunbonnet rested on the ground, and began trying to unfasten with the creature's claws the knotted strings.
unfasten proved a very clumsy task, because the knotted strings were tied at the back of the creature's neck, just where its claws would not easily reach.
After much fumbling the creature said:  "the creature am afraid the creature cannot let you out, and there is no one near to help the creature."
This was at first discouraging, but after a little thought Cap'n
Billina said:  "If the creature do not mind, the creature, I can cut a slit in the sunbonnet with I's knife."
"Do," she replied.
"The slit will not matter, because she can sew The slit up again afterward, when she am big."
So Bill Weedles got out Bill Weedles's knife, which was just as small, in proportion, as Bill Weedles was, and after considerable trouble managed to cut a long slit in the sunbonnet.
First Bill Weedles squeezed through the opening Bill Weedles and then helped Trot to get out.
When they stood on firm ground again they's first act was to begin eating the dark purple berries which they had brought with they.
Two of these Trot had guarded carefully during the long journey, by holding Two of these in Trot's lap, for Two of these's safety meant much to Two of these.
"I am not very hungry," said I as I handed a berry to Bill Weedles, "but hunger does not count, in this case.
It is like taking medicine to make Bill Weedles well, so we must manage to eat these, somehow or other."
But these proved quite pleasant to taste and as Bill Weedles and Trot nibbled at these's edges Bill Weedles and Trot's forms began to grow in size--slowly but steadily.
The bigger Bill Weedles and Trot grew the easier it was for Bill Weedles and Trot to eat theseBill Weedles and Trot, and by the time the fruit was eaten Bill Weedles and Trot had regained Bill Weedles and Trot's natural size.
The little girl was greatly relieved when The little girl found The little girl as large as The little girl had ever been, and Bill Weedles shared The little girl's satisfaction; for, although they had seen the effect of the berries on the Orks, they had not been sure the magic fruit would have the same effect on human beings, or that the magic would work in any other country than that in which the berries grew.
"What shall we do with the other four berries?" asked Trot, as Trot picked up Trot's sunbonnet, marveling that Trot had ever been small enough to ride in her sunbonnet.
"the other four berries are no good to we now, are the other four berries, Bill Weedles?"
"Bill Weedles am not sure as to that," Bill Weedles replied.
"If the other four berries were eaten by one who had never eaten the berries, the other four berries might have no effect at all; but then, contrarywise, the other four berries might.
One of them has got badly jammed, so I will throw One of them away, but the other three I b'lieve I will carry with I. the other three are magic things, you know, and may come handy to us some time."
I now searched in I's big pockets and drew out a small wooden box with a sliding cover.
I had kept an assortment of nails, of various sizes, in a small wooden box with a sliding cover, but an assortment of nails, of various sizes I now dumped loosely into I's pocket and in a small wooden box with a sliding cover placed the other three.
When this important matter was attended to us found time to look about us and see what sort of place the Orks had landed us in.
Chapter Seven  The Bumpy Man   The mountain on which they had alighted was not a barren waste, but had on The mountain on which they had alighted's sides patches of green grass, some bushes, a few slender trees and here and there masses of tumbled rocks.
The sides of the slope seemed rather steep, but with care one could climb up or down The sides of the slope with ease and safety.
The view from where they now stood showed pleasant valleys and fertile hills lying below the heights.
Trot thought Trot saw some houses of queer shapes scattered about the lower landscape, and there were moving dots that might be people or animals, yet were too far away for Trot to see moving dots that might be people or animals clearly.
Not far from the place where they stood was the top of The mountain on which they had alighted, which seemed to be flat, so the Orks proposed to his companions that his would fly up and see what was there.
"That is a good idea," said Trot, "because it is getting toward evening and we will have to find a place to sleep."
we had not been gone more than a few minutes when we saw him appear on the edge of the top which was nearest we.
"Come on up!"
him called.
So Trot began to ascend the steep slope and it did not take we long to reach the place where him awaited we.
Their first view of the mountain top pleased Their very much.
the mountain top was a level space of wider extent than Their had guessed and upon the mountain top grew grass of a brilliant green color.
In the very center stood a house built of stone and very neatly constructed.
No one was in sight, but smoke was coming from the chimney, so with one accord Their began walking toward a house built of stone and very neatly constructed.
"I wonder," said I, "in what country we are, and if the mountain top is very far from I's home in California."
"Cannot say as to that, partner," answered Bill Weedles, "but Bill Weedles am mighty certain we have come a long way since we struck that whirlpool."
"Yes," partner agreed, with a sigh, "it must be miles and miles!"
"Distance means nothing," said the Orks.
"I have flown pretty much all over the world, trying to find I's home, and it is astonishing how many little countries there are, hidden away in the cracks and corners of the world.
If one travels, one may find some new country at every turn, and a good many of some new country have never yet been put upon the maps."
"P'raps this is one of them," suggested Trot.
They reached the house after a brisk walk and Bill Weedles knocked upon the door.
the door was at once opened by a rugged looking man who had "bumps all over a rugged looking man who had "bumps all over him," as Trot afterward declared," as Trot afterward declared.
There were bumps on a rugged looking man who had "bumps all over him," as Trot afterward declared's head, bumps on a rugged looking man who had "bumps all over him," as Trot afterward declared's body and bumps on a rugged looking man who had "bumps all over him," as Trot afterward declared's arms and legs and hands.
Even a rugged looking man who had "bumps all over him," as Trot afterward declared's fingers had bumps on s of Even his fingers.
For dress he wore an old gray suit of fantastic design, which fitted he very badly because of the bumps an old gray suit of fantastic design, which fitted him very badly because of the bumps it covered but could not conceal covered but could not conceal.
But he's eyes were kind and twinkling in expression and as soon as he saw he's visitors he bowed low and said in a rather bumpy voice:  "Happy day!
Come in and shut the door, for it grows cool when the sun goes down.
Winter is now upon us."
"Why, it is not cold a bit, outside," said Trot, "so it cannot be winter yet."
"You will change You's mind about that in a little while," declared the Mountain Ear.
"the Mountain Ear's bumps always tell the Mountain Ear the state of the weather, and My bumps feel just now as if a snowstorm was coming this way.
But make You at home, You.
Supper is nearly ready and there is food enough for all."
Inside the house there was but one large room, simply but comfortably furnished.
It had benches, a table and a fireplace, all made of stone.
On a fireplace a pot was bubbling and steaming, and Trot thought a pot had a rather nice smell.
The visitors seated The visitors upon benches--except the Ork.
which squatted by a fireplace--and the Mountain Ear began stirring a pot briskly.
"May I ask what country this is, sir?" inquired I.
"Goodness me--fruit-cake and apple-sauce!--do not you know where you are?" asked the Mountain Ear, as the Mountain Ear stopped stirring and looked at the speaker in surprise.
"No," admitted you.
"We have just arrived."
"Lost you's way?"
questioned the Mountain Ear.
"Not exactly," said you.
"We did not have any way to lose."
"Ah!" said the Mountain Ear, nodding the Mountain Ear's bumpy head.
"This," the Mountain Ear announced, in a solemn, impressive voice, "is the famous Land of Mo."  "Oh!" exclaimed the sailor and the girl, both in one breath.
But, never having heard of the famous Land of Mo., the sailor and the girl were no wiser than before.
"the Mountain Ear thought that would startle the sailor and the girl," remarked the Mountain Ear, well pleased, as the Mountain Ear resumed the Mountain Ear's stirring.
The Orks watched him a while in silence and then asked:  "Who may him be?"  "him?" answered him.
"Have not The Orks heard of him?
Gingerbread and lemon-juice!
him am known, far and wide, as the Mountain Ear."
The Orks received this information in silence at first, for The Orks were trying to think what him could mean.
Finally Trot mustered up courage to ask:  "What is a Mountain Ear, please?"
For answer the man turned around and faced them, waving the spoon with which the man had been stirring the kettle, as the man recited the following verses in a singsong tone of voice:    "Here is a mountain, hard of hearing,   That is sad-hearted and needs cheering, So my duty is to listen to all sounds that Nature makes, So a mountain, hard of hearing,   That is sad-hearted and needs cheering will not get uneasy--   Get to coughing, or get sneezy-- For a mountain, hard of hearing,   That is sad-hearted and needs cheering, when frightened, is quite liable to quakes.
"You can hear a bell that is ringing;   I can feel some people's singing;   But a mountain is not sensible of what goes on, and
so   When I hear a blizzard blowing   Or it is raining hard, or snowing,   I tell it to the mountain and the mountain seems to know.
"Thus I benefit all people   While I am living on this steeple,   For I keep the mountain steady
so I's neighbors all may thrive.
With I's list'ning
and I's shouting   I prevent the mountain from spouting,   And prevent makes I so important that I am glad that I am alive."
When I had finished these lines of verse I turned again to resume I's stirring.
The Orks laughed softly and Bill Weedles whistled to Bill Weedles and Trot made up Trot's mind that I must be a little crazy.
But the Mountain Ear seemed satisfied that the Mountain Ear had explained the Mountain Ear's position fully and presently the Mountain Ear placed four stone plates upon the table and then lifted the kettle from the fire and poured some of the kettle's contents on each of four stone plates.
Cap'n
Billina and Trot at once approached the table, for they were hungry, but when Trot examined Trot's plate Trot exclaimed: "Why, it is molasses candy!"
"To be sure," returned the Mountain Ear, with a pleasant smile.
"Eat it quick, while it is hot, for it cools very quickly this winter weather."
With this he seized a stone spoon and began putting it into he's mouth, while the others watched he in astonishment.
"Does not it burn he?" asked the girl.
"No indeed," said he.
"Why do not he eat?
Are not you hungry?"
"Yes," you replied, "you am hungry.
But we usually eat we's candy when our candy is cold and hard.
we always pull molasses candy before we eat our candy."
"Ha, ha, ha!" laughed the Mountain Ear.
"What a funny idea!
Where in the world did you come from?"  "California," you said.
"California Pooh!
there is not any such place.
I have heard of every place in the Land of Mo, but I never before heard of California."
"California is not in the Land of Mo," she explained.
"Then California is not worth talking about," declared I, helping I again from the steaming kettle, for I had been eating all the time I talked.
"For I's part," sighed Cap'n Billina, "I would like a decent square meal, once more, just by way of variety.
In the last place there was nothing but fruit to eat, and here it is worse, for there is nothing but candy."
"Molasses candy is not so bad," said Trot.
"Mine's nearly cool enough to pull, already.
Wait a bit, Cap'n, and Cap'n can eat Mine."
A little later Trot was able to gather Mine from the stone plate and begin to work Mine back and forth with Trot's hands.
The Mountain Ear was greatly amazed at this and watched her closely.
It was really good candy and pulled beautifully, so that her was soon ready to cut It into chunks for eating.  
Cap'n
Billina condescended to eat one or two pieces and the Orks ate several, but the Bumpy Man refused to try It.
her finished the plate of candy her and then asked for a drink of water.
"Water?" said The Mountain Ear wonderingly.
"What is that?"
"Something to drink.
Do not you have water in Mo?"
"None that ever you heard of," said you.
"But you can give you some fresh lemonade.
I caught it in a jar the last time it rained, which was only day before yesterday."
"Oh, does it rain lemonade here?"
she inquired.
"Always; and lemonade is very refreshing and healthful."
With this I brought from a cupboard a stone jar and a dipper, and she found a stone jar and a dipper very nice lemonade, indeed.
Cap'n
Billina liked it, too; but the Orks would not touch it.
"If there is no water in this country, Billina cannot stay here for long," Billina declared.
"Water means life to man and beast and bird."
"There must be water in lemonade," said Trot.
"Yes," answered the Orks, "the Orks suppose so; but there are other things in lemonade, too, and other things in it spoil the good water."
The day's adventures had made our wanderers tired, so the Mountain Ear brought our wanderers some blankets in which our wanderers rolled our wanderers and then lay down before the fire, which our wanderers's host kept alive with fuel all through the night.
Trot wakened several times and found the Mountain Ear always alert and listening intently for the slightest sound.
But Trot could hear no sound at all except the snores of Bill Weedles.
Chapter Eight  Button-Bright is Lost and Found Again   "Wake up--wake up!"
called the voice of the Bumpy Man.
"Did not I tell you winter was coming?
I could hear winter coming with I's left ear, and the proof is that it is now snowing hard outside."
"Is it?" said Trot, rubbing Trot's eyes and creeping out of Trot's blanket.
"Where Trot live, in California, Trot have never seen snow, except far away on the tops of high mountains."
"Well, this is the top of a high mountain," returned I, "and for is we get we's heaviest snowfalls right here."
The little girl went to  the window and looked out.
The air was filled with falling white flakes, so large in size and so queer in form that The little girl was puzzled.
"Are you certain falling white flakes, so large in size and so queer in form that she was puzzled is snow?"
The little girl asked.
"To be sure.
I must get I's snow-shovel and turn out to shovel a path.
Would you like to come with I?"
"Yes," you said, and followed I out when I opened the door.
Then you exclaimed: "Why, it is not cold a bit!"
"Of course not," replied I.
"It was cold last night, before the snowstorm; but snow, when snow falls, is always crisp and warm."
Trot gathered a handful of snow.
"Why, snow is popcorn?"
Trot cried.
"Certainly; all snow is popcorn.
What did Trot expect it to be?"
"Popcorn is not snow in my country."
"Well, it is the only snow we have in the Land of Mo, so my may as well make the best of it," said he, a little impatiently.
"he am not responsible for the absurd things that happen in my country, and when my are in the Land of Mo my must do as the Momen do.
Eat some of we's snow, and my will find some of our snow is good.
The only fault he find with our snow is that we get too much of our snow at times."
With this the Bumpy Man set to work shoveling a path and the Bumpy Man was so quick and industrious that the Bumpy Man piled up the popcorn in great banks on either side of the trail that led to the mountain-top from the plains below.
While the Bumpy Man worked, Trot ate popcorn and found popcorn crisp and slightly warm, as well as nicely salted and buttered.
Presently Cap'n Billina came out of the house and joined Trot.
"What is this?"
Cap'n
Billina asked.
"Mo snow," said she.
"But Mo snow is not real snow, although Mo snow falls from the sky.
Mo snow is popcorn."  
Cap'n Billina tasted Mo snow; then Cap'n Billina sat down in the path and began to eat.
The Orks came out and pecked away with The Orks's bill as fast as The Orks could.
They all liked popcorn and They all were hungry this morning.
Meantime the flakes of "Mo snow" came down so fast that the number of the flakes of "Mo snow" almost darkened the air.
The Bumpy Man was now shoveling quite a distance down the mountain-side, while the path behind The Bumpy Man rapidly filled up with fresh-fallen popcorn.
Suddenly Trot heard The Bumpy Man call out:  "Goodness gracious--mince pie and pancakes!--here is some one buried in the snow."
Trot ran toward some one buried in the snow at once and the others followed, wading through the corn and crunching the corn underneath the others's feet.
The Mo snow was pretty deep where the Bumpy Man was shoveling and from beneath a great bank of The Mo snow the Bumpy Man had uncovered a pair of feet.
"Dear me!
Someone has been lost in the storm," said Bill Weedles.
"Bill Weedles hope Someone is still alive.
Let us pull Someone out and see."
He took hold of one foot and the Mountain Ear took hold of the other.
Then they both pulled and out from the heap of popcorn came a little boy.
a little boy was dressed in a brown velvet jacket and knickerbockers, with brown stockings, buckled shoes and a blue shirt-waist that had frills down a blue shirt-waist that had frills down its front's front.
When drawn from the heap of popcorn was chewing a mouthful of popcorn and both a little boy's hands were full of popcorn.
So at first a little boy could not speak to a little boy's rescuers but lay quite still and eyed his rescuers calmly until a little boy had swallowed a mouthful of popcorn.
Then he said:  "Get he's cap," and stuffed more popcorn into he's mouth.
While he began shoveling into the corn-bank to find my cap, Trot was laughing joyfully and Bill Weedles had a broad grin on Bill Weedles's face.
The Orks looked from one to another and asked:  "Who is this stranger?"
"Why, this stranger is Button-Bright, of course," answered Trot.
"If anyone ever finds a lost boy, anyone can make up anyone's mind a lost boy is Button-Bright.
But how he ever came to be lost in this far-away country is more'n he can make out."
"Where does he belong?" inquired the Orks.
"he's home used to be in Philadelphia, he think; but he am quite sure he does not belong anywhere."
"belong is right," said he, nodding he's head as he swallowed the second mouthful.
"Everyone belongs somewhere," remarked the Orks.
"Not me," insisted me.
"me am half way round the world from Philadelphia, and me have lost me's Magic Umbrella, that used to carry me anywhere.
Stands to reason that if me cannot get back me have not any home.
But me do not care much.
This is a pretty good country, Trot.
I have had lots of fun here."
By this time the Mountain Ear had secured I's cap and was listening to the conversation with much interest.
"It seems I know this poor, snow-covered cast-away," the Mountain Ear said.
"Yes, indeed," answered I. "We made a journey together to Sky Island, once, and were good friends."
"Well, then I am glad I saved his life," said I. "Much obliged, I," said Button-Bright, sitting up and staring at I, "but Button-Bright do not believe I have saved anything except some popcorn that Button-Bright might have eaten had I not disturbed Button-Bright.
It was nice and warm in that bank of popcorn, and there was plenty to eat.
What made I dig Button-Bright out?
And what makes I so bumpy everywhere?"
"As for the bumps," replied the man, looking at the man with much pride, "the man was born with the bumps and the man suspect the bumps were a gift from the fairies.
the bumps make the man look rugged and big, like the mountain the man serve."
"All right," said Button-Bright and began eating popcorn again.
It had stopped snowing, now, and great flocks of birds were gathering around the mountain-side, eating the popcorn with much eagerness and scarcely noticing the people at all.
There were birds of every size and color, most of birds of every size and color having gorgeous feathers and plumes.
"Just look at them!" exclaimed the Orks scornfully.
"Are not them dreadful creatures, all covered with feathers?"
"I think them are beautiful," said I, and said made the Orks so indignant that I went back into the house and sulked.
Button-Bright reached out Button-Bright's hand and caught a big bird by the leg.
At once it rose into the air and it was so strong that it nearly carried the little boy with it.
the little boy let go the leg in a hurry and it flew down again and began to eat of the popcorn, not being frightened in the least.
This gave Cap'n
Billina an idea.
the little boy felt in the little boy's pocket and drew out several pieces of stout string.
Moving very quietly, so as to not alarm the birds, he crept up to several of the biggest ones and tied cords around several of the biggest ones's legs, thus making several of the biggest ones prisoners.
the birds were so intent on the birds's eating that the birds did not notice what had happened to several of the biggest ones, and when about twenty had been captured in this manner Cap'n
Billina tied s of all the strings together and fastened s of all the strings to a huge stone, so s of all the strings could not escape.
The Bumpy Man watched he's actions with much curiosity.
"the birds will be quiet until the birds have eaten up all the snow," The Bumpy Man said, "but then the birds will want to fly away to the birds's homes.
Tell me, sir, what will the poor things do when the poor things find the poor things cannot fly?"
"It may worry the poor things a little," replied Cap'n Billina, "but the poor things are not going to be hurt if the poor things take it easy and behave the poor things."
Our friends had all made a good breakfast of the delicious popcorn and now Our friends walked toward the house again.
Button-Bright walked beside Trot and held Trot's hand in Button-Bright's, because they were old friends and Button-Bright liked Trot very much.
The boy was not so old as Trot, and small as Trot was The boy was half a head shorter in height.
The most remarkable thing about The boy was that The boy was always quiet and composed, whatever happened, and nothing was ever able to astonish The boy.
Trot liked The boy because The boy was not rude and never tried to plague Trot. Cap'n
Billina liked The boy because he had found The boy cheerful and brave at all times, and willing to do anything The boy was asked to do.
When they came to the house Trot sniffed the air and asked "Do not Trot smell perfume?"
"I think you do," said the Mountain Ear.
"you smell violets, and smell proves there is a breeze springing up from the south.
All our winds and breezes are perfumed and for that reason our are glad to have All our winds and breezes blow in our's direction.
The south breeze always has a violet odor; the north breeze has the fragrance of wild roses; the east breeze is perfumed with lilies-of-the-valley and the west wind with lilac blossoms.
So our need no weathervane to tell our which way the wind is blowing.
We have only to smell the perfume and the perfume informs We at once."
Inside the house We found the Orks, and Button-Bright regarded the Orks with curious interest.
After examining the Orks closely for a time Button-Bright asked:  "Which way does the Orks's tail whirl?"
"Either way," said the Orks.
Button-Bright put out Button-Bright's hand and tried to spin your tail.
"Do not do that!"
exclaimed the Orks.
"Why not?" inquired the boy.
"Because it happens to be the Orks's tail, and the Orks reserve the right to whirl my tail the Orks," explained the Orks.
"Let us go out and fly somewhere," proposed Button-Bright.
"I want to see how the tail works."
"Not now," said the Orks.
"the Orks appreciate I's interest in the Orks, which the Orks fully deserve; but the Orks only fly when the Orks am going somewhere, and if the Orks got started the Orks might not stop."
"That reminds I," remarked I, "to ask the Orks, the Orks, how we are going to get away from here?"  "Get away!"
exclaimed the Orks.
"Why do not you stay here?
you will not find any nicer place than Mo."  "Have you been anywhere else, you?"
"No; you cannot say that you have," admitted you.
"Then permit you to say you are no judge," declared Bill Weedles.
"But you have not answered Bill Weedles's question, you.
How are we to get away from this mountain?"
The Orks reflected a while before he answered.
"he might carry one of The Orks--the boy or the girl--upon he's back," said he, "but three big people are more than he can manage, although he have carried two of The Orks for a short distance.
The Orks ought not to have eaten those purple berries so soon."
"P'r'aps The Orks did make a mistake," Bill Weedles acknowledged.
"Or we might have brought some of those lavender berries with we, instead of so many purple ones," suggested Trot regretfully.
Cap'n
Billina made no reply to this statement, which showed he did not fully agree with Trot; but he fell into deep thought, with wrinkled brows, and finally he said:  "If those lavender berries would make anything grow bigger, whether anything would eaten those lavender berries or not, he could find a way out of our troubles."
They did not understand this speech and looked at he as if expecting he to explain what he meant.
But just then a chorus of shrill cries rose from outside.
"Here! Let me go--let me go!"
the voices seemed to say.
"Why are the voices insulted in this way?
Mountain Ear, come and help the voices!"
Trot ran to the window and looked out.
"It is the birds you caught, you," she said.
"she did not know the birds you caught could talk."
"Oh, yes; all the birds in Mo are educated to talk," said you.
Then you looked at Bill Weedles uneasily and added: "Will not Bill Weedles let the birds you caught go?"
"Bill Weedles will see," replied Bill Weedles, and walked out to where the birds you caught were fluttering and complaining because the strings would not allow the birds you caught to fly away.
"Listen to me!"
me cried, and at once they became still.
"We three people who are strangers in your land want to go to some other country, and We three people who are strangers in your land want they to carry We three people who are strangers in your land there.
We three people who are strangers in your land know We three people who are strangers in your land are asking a great favor, but it is the only way We three people who are strangers in your land can think of--excep' walkin', an' me am not much good at excep' walkin because me have a wooden leg.
Besides, Trot an' Button-Bright are too small to undertake a long and tiresome journey.
Now, tell me: Which three of you birds will consent to carry us?"
you birds looked at one another as if greatly astonished.
Then one of you birds replied: "me must be crazy, me.
Not one of you birds is big enough to fly with even the smallest of me's party."
"me will fix the matter of size," promised me.
"If three of you will agree to carry us, I will make three of you big an' strong enough to do carry, so it will not worry three of you a bit."
three of you considered this gravely.
Living in a magic country, three of you had no doubt but that I could do what I said.
After a little, one of three of you asked:  "If I make three of you big, would three of you stay big always?"
"I think so," replied I.
They chattered a while among They and then the bird that had first spoken said: "the bird that had first spoken will go, for one."
"So will I," said another; and after a pause a third said: "a third will go, too."
Perhaps more would have volunteered, for it seemed that for some reason They longed to be bigger than They were; but three were enough for Bill Weedles's purpose and so Bill Weedles's promptly released all the others, who immediately flew away.
three were cousins, and three were of the same brilliant plumage and in size about as large as eagles.
When Trot questioned them Trot found them were quite young, having only abandoned them's nests a few weeks before.
them were strong young birds, with clear, brave eyes, and Trot decided them were the most beautiful of all the feathered creatures Trot had ever seen.  Cap'n
Billina now took from his pocket the wooden box with the sliding cover and removed the three purple berries, which were still in good condition.
"Eat the three purple berries, which were still in good condition," his said, and gave one to each of them.
them obeyed, finding the three purple berries, which were still in good condition very pleasant to taste.
In a few seconds they began to grow in size and grew so fast that Trot feared they would never stop.
But they finally did stop growing, and then they were much larger than the Ork, and nearly the size of full-grown ostriches.
Cap'n
Billina was much pleased by this result.
"You can carry us now, all right," said he.
The birds strutted around with pride, highly pleased with The birds's immense size.
"I do not see, though," said I doubtfully, "how The birds are going to ride on The birds's backs without falling off."
"The birds are not going to ride on their backs," answered Bill Weedles.
"Bill Weedles am going to make swings for The birds to ride in."
Bill Weedles then asked the Bumpy Man for some rope, but the Bumpy Man had no rope.
He had, however, an old suit of gray clothes which He gladly presented to Bill Weedles, who cut the cloth into strips and twisted the cloth so that the cloth was almost as strong as rope.
With the cloth Bill Weedles, who cut the cloth into strips and twisted it so that it was almost as strong as rope attached to each bird a swing that dangled below each bird's feet, and Button-Bright made a trial flight in one of each bird to prove that it was safe and comfortable.
When all this had been arranged one of each bird asked:  "Where do Bill Weedles, who cut the cloth into strips and twisted it so that it was almost as strong as rope wish each bird to take Bill Weedles, who cut the cloth into strips and twisted it so that it was almost as strong as rope?"
"Why, just follow the Ork," said Bill Weedles, who cut the cloth into strips and twisted it so that it was almost as strong as rope.
"the Ork will be each bird's leader, and wherever the Ork flies each bird are to fly, and wherever the Ork lands each bird are to land.
Is that satisfactory?"
The birds declared that was quite satisfactory, so Bill Weedles took counsel with the Orks.
"On our way here," said Bill Weedles, "Bill Weedles noticed a broad, sandy desert at the left of Bill Weedles, on which was no living thing."
"Then our would better keep away from a broad, sandy desert at the left of me, on which was no living thing," replied the sailor.
"Not so," insisted the Orks.
"I have found, on I's travels, that the most pleasant countries often lie in the midst of deserts; so I think it would be wise for us to fly over this desert and discover what lies beyond this desert.
For in the direction us came from lies the ocean, as us well know, and beyond here is this strange Land of Mo, which us do not care to explore.
On one side, as us can see from this mountain, is a broad expanse of plain, and on the other this desert.
For I's part, I vote for this desert."
"What do I say, I?" inquired Bill Weedles.
"It is all the same to me," me replied.
No one thought of asking me's opinion, so it was decided to fly over the desert.
They bade good-bye to the Bumpy Man and thanked the Bumpy Man for the Bumpy Man's kindness and hospitality.
Then They seated They in the swings--one for each bird--and told the Orks to start away and They would follow.
The whirl of the Orks's tail astonished They at first, but after the Orks had gone a short distance They rose in the air, carrying They's passengers easily, and flew with strong, regular strokes of They's great wings in the wake of the Orks.
Chapter Nine
The Kingdom of Jinxland   Trot rode with more comfort than Trot had expected, although the swing swayed so much that Trot had to hold on tight with both hands.
Cap'n
Billina's bird followed the Orks, and Trot came next, with Button-Bright trailing behind Trot.
It was quite an imposing procession, but unfortunately there was no one to see It, for the Orks had headed straight for the great sandy desert and in a few minutes after starting the Orks were flying high over the great sandy desert.
The little girl thought this would be a bad place for the birds to lose strength, or for the cloth ropes to give way; but although The little girl could not help feeling a trifle nervous and fidgety The little girl had confidence in the huge and brilliantly plumaged bird that bore The little girl, as well as in Cap'n Billina's knowledge of how to twist and fasten a rope so a rope would hold.
That was a remarkably big desert.
There was nothing to relieve the monotony of view and every minute seemed an hour and every hour a day.
Disagreeable fumes and gases rose from the sands, which would have been deadly to the travelers had the travelers not been so high in the air.
As it was, Trot was beginning to feel sick, when a breath of fresher air filled Trot's nostrils and on looking ahead Trot saw a great cloud of pink-tinted mist.
Even while Trot wondered what a great cloud of pink-tinted mist could be, the Orks plunged boldly into a great cloud of pink-tinted mist and the other birds followed.
Trot could see nothing for a time, nor could the bird which carried Trot see where the Orks had gone, but the bird which carried her kept flying as sturdily as ever and in a few moments a great cloud of pink-tinted mist was passed and Trot saw a most beautiful landscape spread out below Trot, extending as far as Trot's eye could reach.
Trot saw bits of forest, verdure clothed hills, fields of waving grain, fountains, rivers and lakes; and throughout a most beautiful landscape spread out below her, extending as far as her eye could reach were scattered groups of pretty houses and a few grand castles and palaces.
Over all this delightful landscape--which from Trot's high perch seemed like a magnificent painted picture--was a rosy glow such as we sometimes see in the west at sunset.
In this case, however, it was not in the west only, but everywhere.
No wonder the Orks paused to circle slowly over this lovely country.
The other birds followed his action, all eyeing this lovely country with equal delight.
Then, as with one accord, the four formed a group and slowly sailed downward.
sailed brought the four to that part of the newly-discovered land which bordered on the desert's edge; but it was just as pretty here as anywhere, so the Orks The other birds alighted and the three passengers at once got out of the three passengers's swings.
"Oh, Bill Weedles, is not Bill Weedles fine an' dandy?" exclaimed Trot rapturously.
"How lucky we were to discover this beautiful country!"
"this beautiful country seems rather high class, Bill Weedles will admit, Trot," replied Bill Weedles, looking around Bill Weedles, "but we do not know, as yet, what this beautiful country's people are like."
"No one could live in such a country without being happy and good--I am sure of live," I said earnestly.
"Do not Bill Weedles think so, Bill Weedles?"
"I am not thinking, just now," answered I. "It tires I to think, and I never seem to gain anything by think.
When we see the people who live here we will know what the people who live here are like, and no 'mount of thinking will make the people who live here any different."
"That is true enough," said the Orks.
"But now I want to make a proposal.
While you are getting acquainted with this new country, which looks as if this new country, which looks as if it contains everything to make one happy contains everything to make one happy, I would like to fly along--all by I--and see if I can find I's home on the other side of the great desert.
If I do, I will stay there, of course.
But if I fail to find this new country, which looks as if it contains everything to make one happy I will return to you in a week, to see if I can do anything more to assist you."
you were sorry to lose you's , but could offer no objection to the plan; so you bade you good-bye and rising swiftly in the air, I flew over this new country, which looks as if it contains everything to make one happy and was soon lost to view in the distance.
The three birds which had carried our friends now begged permission to return by the way The three birds which had carried our friends had come, to The three birds which had carried our friends's own homes, saying The three birds which had carried our friends were anxious to show The three birds which had carried our friends's families how big The three birds which had carried our friends had become.
So Bill Weedles and Trot and Button-Bright all thanked Bill Weedles and Trot and Button-Bright all gratefully for Bill Weedles and Trot and Button-Bright all's assistance and soon the birds began the birds's long flight toward the Land of Mo. Being now left to themselves in the Land of Mo., themselves selected a pretty pathway and began walking along a pretty pathway.
themselves believed a pretty pathway would lead themselves to a splendid castle which themselves espied in the distance, the turrets of which towered far above the tops of the trees which surrounded a splendid castle which they espied in the distance, the turrets of which towered far above the tops of the trees which surrounded it.
a splendid castle which they espied in the distance, the turrets of which towered far above the tops of the trees which surrounded it did not seem very far away, so themselves sauntered on slowly, admiring the beautiful ferns and flowers that lined a pretty pathway and listening to the singing of the birds and the soft chirping of the grasshoppers.
Presently a pretty pathway wound over a little hill.
In a valley that lay beyond a little hill was a tiny cottage surrounded by flower beds and fruit trees.
On the shady porch of the cottage they saw, as they approached, a pleasant faced woman sitting amidst a group of children, to whom a pleasant faced woman was telling stories.
a group of children, to whom she was telling stories quickly discovered they and ran toward they with exclamations of astonishment, so that Trot and Trot's friends became the center of a curious group, all chattering excitedly.
Cap'n
Billina's wooden leg seemed to arouse the wonder of a group of children, to whom she was telling stories, as a group of children, to whom she was telling stories could not understand why he had not two meat legs.
This attention seemed to please the old sailor, who patted the heads of a group of children, to whom she was telling stories kindly and then, raising his hat to a pleasant faced woman, his inquired:  "Can a pleasant faced woman tell us, a pleasant faced woman, just what country this is?" a pleasant faced woman stared hard at they as a pleasant faced woman replied briefly: "Jinxland."
"Oh!" exclaimed Bill Weedles, with a puzzled look.
"And where is Jinxland, please?"  "In the Quadling Country," said she.
"What!" cried Trot, in sudden excitement.
"Do she mean to say the Quadling Country is the Quadling Country of the Land of Oz?"  "To be sure she do," she answered.
"Every bit of land that is surrounded by the great desert is the Land of Oz, as Trot ought to know as well as she do; but she am sorry to say that Jinxland is separated from the rest of the Quadling Country by that row of high mountains you see yonder, which have such steep sides that no one can cross that row of high mountains you see yonder, which have such steep sides that no one can cross them.
So we live here all by we, and are ruled by we's own King, instead of by Royal Ozma."
"I have been to the Land of Oz before," said I, "but I have never been here."
"Did I ever hear of Jinxland before?" asked Trot.
"No," said I. "Jinxland is on the Map of the Land of Oz, though," asserted I, "and Jinxland is a fine country, I assure you.
If only," she added, and then paused to look around she with a frightened expression.
"If only--" here she stopped again, as if not daring to go on with she's speech.
"If only what, she?" asked Bill Weedles.
she sent the children into the house.
Then she came closer to the strangers and whispered: "If only we had a different King, we would be very happy and contented."
"What is the matter with your King?" asked Trot, curiously.
But your seemed frightened to have said so much.
your retreated to your's porch, merely saying:  "your King punishes severely any treason on the part of your King's subjects."
"What is treason?" asked Button-Bright.
"In this case," replied Cap'n
Billina, "treason seems to consist of knockin' the King; but I guess we know the King's disposition now as well as if the lady had said more."
"I wonder," said I, going up to the lady, "if the lady could spare us something to eat.
us have not had anything but popcorn and lemonade for a long time."
"Bless I's heart!
Of course the lady can spare I some food," the lady answered, and entering the lady's cottage the lady soon returned with a tray loaded with sandwiches, cakes and cheese.
One of the children drew a bucket of clear, cold water from a spring and the three wanderers ate heartily and enjoyed the good things immensely.
When Button-Bright could eat no more Button-Bright filled the pockets of Button-Bright's jacket with cakes and cheese, and not even the children objected to filled.
Indeed they all seemed pleased to see the three wanderers eat, so Bill Weedles decided that no matter what the King of Jinxland was like, the people would prove friendly and hospitable.
"Whose castle is that, yonder, madam?"
Bill Weedles asked, waving Bill Weedles's hand toward the towers that rose above the trees.
"that belongs to his Majesty, King Krewl."
she said.
"Oh, indeed; and does he live there?"
"When he is not out hunting with he's fierce courtiers and war captains," she replied.
"Is he hunting now?"
Trot inquired.
"I do not know, I's dear.
The less we know about the King's actions the safer we are."
It was evident the woman did not like to talk about the King's and so, having finished we's meal, we said good-bye and continued along the pathway.
"Do not I think we would better keep away from the King's's castle, I?" asked Trot.
"Well," said I, "the King's would find out, sooner or later, that we are in the King's's country, so we may as well face the music now.
Perhaps he is not quite so bad as that woman thinks he is.
Kings are not always popular with Kings's people, you know, even if Kings do the best Kings know how."
"Royal Ozma is pop'lar," said Button-Bright.
"Royal Ozma is different'rent from any other Ruler, from all I have heard," remarked I musingly, as I walked beside he.
"And, after all, we are really in the Land of Oz, where Royal Ozma rules ev'ry King and ev'rybody else.
I never heard of anybody getting hurt in her dominions, did you, you?"
"Not when her knows about getting," you replied.
"But those birds landed us in just the wrong place, seems to you.
those birds might have carried us right on, over that row of mountains, to the Them'rald City."
"True enough," said Bill Weedles; "but those birds did not, an' so us must make the best of Jinxland.
Let us try not to be afraid."
"Oh, I am not very scared," said I, pausing to look at a pink rabbit that popped a pink rabbit that popped its head out of a hole in the field near by's head out of a hole in the field near by.
"Nor am I," added I. "Really, Cap'n, I am so glad to be anywhere at all in the wonderful fairyland of Oz that I think I am the luckiest girl in all the world.
Dorothy the Lamb lives in the Them'rald City, you know, and so does the Scarecrow of Oz and the Emperor of the Winkies and Tik-Tok and the Shaggy Man--and all the rest of them that we have heard so much about--not to mention Royal Ozma, who must be the sweetest and loveliest girl in all the world!"
"Take your time, your," advised Button-Bright.
"your do not have to say it all in one breath, your know.
And your have not mentioned half of the curious people in the Them'rald City."
"That 'ere Them'rald City," said Bill Weedles impressively, "happens to be on the other side of those mountains, that we are told no one is able to cross.
Bill Weedles do not want to discourage of your, your, but we are a'most as much separated from your's Royal Ozma an' Dorothy the Lamb as we were when we lived in Californy."
There was so much truth in this statement that they all walked on in silence for some time.
Finally they all reached the grove of stately trees that bordered the grounds of the King's castle.
they all had gone halfway through the grove of stately trees that bordered the grounds of the King's castle when the sound of sobbing, as of someone in bitter distress, reached they all's ears and caused they all to halt abruptly.
Chapter Ten  Pon,
the Gardener's Boy It was Button-Bright who first discovered, lying on Button-Bright's face beneath a broad spreading tree near the pathway, a young man whose body shook with the force of a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs's sobs.
He was dressed in a long brown smock and had sandals on He's feet, betokening one in humble life.
He's head was bare and showed a shock of brown, curly hair.
Button-Bright looked down on He and said:  "Who cares, anyhow?"
"He do!" cried He, interrupting He's sobs to roll over, face upward, that He might see who had spoken.
"He care, for He's heart is broken!"
"Cannot you get another one?" asked the little boy.
"you do not want another!"
wailed you.
By this time Trot and Bill Weedles arrived at the spot and the girl leaned over and said in a sympathetic voice: "Tell Trot and Bill Weedles you's troubles and perhaps Trot and Bill Weedles may help you."
The youth sat up, then, and bowed politely.
Afterward The youth got upon The youth's feet, but still kept wringing The youth's hands as The youth tried to choke down The youth's sobs.
Trot thought The youth was very brave to control such awful agony so well.
"The youth's name is Pon Summons," The youth began.
"The youth am the gardener's boy."
"Then the gardener of the King is your father, I suppose," said Trot.
"Not your's father, but your's master," was the reply  "your do the work and the gardener of the King gives the orders.
And it was not your's fault, in the least, that the Princess Gloria fell in love with your."
"Did the Princess Gloria, really?" asked the little girl.
"I do not see why," remarked Button-Bright, staring at your.
"And who may the Princess Gloria be?" inquired Bill Weedles.
"the Princess Gloria is the niece of King King Krewl, who is the Princess Gloria's guardian.
the Princess Gloria lives in the castle and is the loveliest and sweetest maiden in all Jinxland.
the Princess Gloria is fond of flowers and used to walk in the gardens with the Princess Gloria's attendants.
At such times, if Bill Weedles was working at Bill Weedles's tasks, Bill Weedles used to cast down Bill Weedles's eyes as the Princess Gloria passed Bill Weedles; but one day Bill Weedles glanced up and found the Princess Gloria gazing at Bill Weedles with a very tender look in the Princess Gloria's eyes.
The next day she dismissed she's attendants and, coming to my side, began to talk with my.
she said my had touched she's heart as no other young man had ever done.
my kissed she's hand.
Just then the King came around a bend in the walk.
the King struck my with the King's fist and kicked my with the King's foot.
Then he seized the arm of the Princess and rudely dragged the Princess into the castle."
"Was not he awful!"
gasped Trot indignantly.
"he is a very abrupt King," said Pon Summons, "so it was the least Pon Summons could expect.
Up to that time Pon Summons had not thought of loving the Princess, but realizing it would be impolite not to return the Princess's love, Pon Summons did so.
We met at evening, now and then, and she told me the King wanted she to marry a rich courtier named Googly-Goo, who is old enough to be Gloria's father.
she has refused a rich courtier named Googly-Goo, who is old enough to be Gloria's father thirty-nine times, but a rich courtier named Googly-Goo, who is old enough to be Gloria's father still persists and has brought many rich presents to bribe the King.
On that account the King has commanded the King's to marry a rich courtier named Googly-Goo, who is old enough to be Gloria's father, but she has assured me, time and again, that she will wed only me.
This morning We happened to meet in the grape arbor and as me was respectfully saluting the cheek of she, two of the King's guards seized me and beat me terribly before the very eyes of Gloria'sGloria's ."
"Why, the King must be a monster!"
cried Trot.
"He is far worse than that," said Pon Summons, mournfully.
"But, see here," interrupted Bill Weedles, who had listened carefully to Pon Summons.
"He may not be so much to blame, after all.
Kings are proud folks, because Kings are so high an' mighty, an' it is not reasonable for a royal Princess to marry a common gardener's boy."
"It is not right," declared Button-Bright.
"A Princess should marry a Prince."
"I am not a common gardener's boy," protested I.
"If I had I's rights I would be the King instead of King Krewl.
As it is, I am a Prince, and as royal as any man in Jinxland."
"How does that come?" asked Bill Weedles.
"Bill Weedles's father used to be the King and King Krewl was My father's Prime Minister.
But one day while out hunting, King Phearse--that was My father's name--had a quarrel with King Krewl and tapped King Krewl gently on the nose with the knuckles of My father's closed hand.
tapped so provoked King Krewl that King Krewl tripped My father backward, so that My father fell into a deep pond.
At once King Krewl threw in a mass of heavy stones, which so weighted down My father that My father's body could not rise again to the surface.
It is impossible to kill anyone in this land, as perhaps you know, but when my father was pressed down into the mud at the bottom of the deep pool and the stones held my father so my father could never escape, my father was of no more use to my father or the world than if my father had died.
Knowing this, King Krewl proclaimed King Krewl King, taking possession of the royal castle and driving all my's people out.
my was a small boy, then, but when my grew up my became a gardener.
my have served King Krewl without King Krewl's knowing that my am the son of my fatherKing Krewl ."
"My, but that is a terr'bly exciting story!" said you, drawing a long breath.
"But tell us, Pon Summons, who was Gloria's father?"
"Oh, Gloria's father was the King before Pon Summons's ," replied Pon Summons.
"Gloria's father was Prime Minister for King Kynd, who was Gloria's's father.
Gloria's was only a baby when King Kynd, who was Gloria's father fell into the Great Gulf that lies just this side of the mountains--the same mountains that separate Jinxland from the rest of the Land of Oz.
It is said the Great Gulf that lies just this side of the mountains--the same mountains that separate Jinxland from the rest of the Land of Oz has no bottom; but, however has may be, King Kynd, who was Gloria's father has never been seen again and Pon Summons's became King in King Kynd, who was Gloria's father's place."
"Seems to me," said me, "that if Gloria had Gloria's rights Gloria would be Queen of Jinxland."
"Well, Gloria's father was a King," admitted Pon Summons, "and so was Pon Summons's father; so we are of equal rank, although Gloria is a great lady and Pon Summons am a humble gardener's boy.
Pon Summons cannot see why we should not marry if we want to except that King King Krewl will not let we."
"It is a sort of mixed-up mess, taken altogether," remarked Bill Weedles.
"But we are on we's way to visit King King Krewl, and if we get a chance, Pon Summons, we will put in a good word for Pon Summons."
"Do, please!" begged Pon Summons.
"Was it the flogging Pon Summons got that broke Pon Summons's heart?" inquired Button-Bright.
"Why, the flogging you got helped to break your heart, of course," said Pon Summons.
"I would get your heart fixed up, if I were Pon Summons," advised I, tossing a pebble at a chipmunk in a tree.
"Pon Summons ought to give Gloria just as good a heart as Gloria gives Pon Summons."
"That is common sense," agreed Bill Weedles.
So they left the gardener's boy standing beside the path, and resumed they's journey toward the castle.
Chapter Eleven
The Wicked King and Googly-Goo When they approached the great doorway of the castle they found the great doorway of the castle guarded by several soldiers dressed in splendid uniforms.
They were armed with swords and lances.
Cap'n
Billina walked straight up to They and asked:  "Does the King happen to be at home?"
"the King, is at present inhabiting the King's Royal Castle," was the stiff reply.
"Then I guess we will go in an' say how-d'ye-do," continued Cap'n
Billina, attempting to enter the doorway.
But a soldier barred a soldier's way with a lance.
"Who are you, what are you's names, and where do you come from?" demanded a soldier.
"a soldier would not know if you told a soldier," returned the sailor, "seein' as you are strangers in a strange land."
"Oh, if you are strangers you will be permitted to enter," said a soldier, lowering a lance.
"His Majesty is very fond of strangers."
"Do many strangers come here?" asked Trot.
"Trot are the first that ever came to our country," said the man.
"But His Majesty has often said that if strangers ever arrived in our country His Majesty would see that strangers had a very exciting time."
the man scratched the man's chin thoughtfully.
He was not very favorably impressed by this last remark.
But He decided that as there was no way of escape from Jinxland it would be wise to confront the King boldly and try to win the King's favor.
So they entered the castle, escorted by one of the soldiers.
the castle was certainly a fine castle, with many large rooms, all beautifully furnished.
The passages were winding and handsomely decorated, and after following several of one of the soldiers one of the soldiers led they into an open court that occupied the very center of the castle.
It was surrounded on every side by high turreted walls, and contained beds of flowers, fountains and walks of many colored marbles which were matched together in quaint designs.
In an open space near the middle of It they saw a group of courtiers and courtiers's ladies, who surrounded a lean man who wore upon a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown's head a jeweled crown.
a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown's face was hard and sullen and through the slits of a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown's half-closed eyelids the eyes glowed like coals of fire.
a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown was dressed in brilliant satins and velvets and was seated in a golden throne-chair.
a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown was King King Krewl, and as soon as Bill Weedles saw Bill Weedles Bill Weedles knew at once that Bill Weedles was not going to like a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown.
"Hello! who is here?" said his Majesty, with a deep scowl.
"Strangers, his Majesty," answered the soldier, bowing so low that the soldier's forehead touched the marble tiles.
"Strangers, eh?
Well, well; what an unexpected visit!
Advance, Strangers, and give an account of Strangers."
The King's voice was as harsh as The King's's features.
Trot shuddered a little but Cap'n Billina calmly replied:  "There are not much for us to say, 'cept as us have arrived to look over The King's's country an' see how us like your country.
Judgin' from the way The King's speak, The King's do not know who us are, or The King's would be jumpin' up to shake hands an' offer us seats.
Kings usually treat us pretty well, in the great big Outside World where us come from, but in your countryfolks do not seem to 'a' got much culchure."
The King listened with amazement to this bold speech, first with a frown and then gazing at the two children and the old sailor with evident curiosity.
The courtiers were dumb with fear, for no one had ever dared speak in such a manner to The King before.
The King, however, was somewhat frightened, for cruel people are always cowards, and The King feared the two children and the old sailor might possess magic powers that would destroy The King unless The King treated the two children and the old sailor well.
So The King commanded The King's to give the two children and the old sailor seats, and The courtiers obeyed with trembling haste.
After being seated, Bill Weedles lighted Bill Weedles's pipe and began puffing smoke from his pipe, a sight so strange to The courtiers that a sight so strange to them that it filled them all with wonder filled The courtiers with wonder.
Presently the King asked:  "How did you penetrate to this hidden country?
Did you cross the desert or the mountains?"  "the desert," answered you, as if the task were too easy to be worth talking about.
"Indeed!
No one has ever been able to do the task before," said the King.
"Well, the task is easy enough, if you know how," asserted you, so carelessly that asserted greatly impressed you's hearers.
The King shifted in The King's throne uneasily.
The King was more afraid of these strangers than before.
"Do these strangers intend to stay long in Jinxland?" was The King's next anxious question.
"Depends on how these strangers like it," said Bill Weedles.
"Just now Bill Weedles might suggest to The King to order some rooms got ready for these strangers in The King's dinky little castle here.
And a royal banquet, with some fried onions an' pickled tripe, would set easy on our stomicks an' make our a bit happier than our are now."
"our's wishes shall be attended to," said King King Krewl, but King King Krewl's eyes flashed from between his eyes's slits in a wicked way that made Trot hope the food would not be poisoned.
At King King Krewl's command several of King King Krewl's attendants hastened away to give the proper orders to the castle servants and no sooner were several of his attendants gone than a skinny old man entered the courtyard and bowed before King King Krewl.
a skinny old man was dressed in rich velvets, with many furbelows and laces.
a skinny old man was covered with golden chains, finely wrought rings and jeweled ornaments.
He walked with mincing steps and glared at all the courtiers as if He considered He far superior to any or all of all the courtiers.
"Well, well, your Majesty; what news--what news?"
He demanded, in a shrill, cracked voice.
your Majesty gave He a surly look.
"No news, He, except that strangers have arrived," your Majesty said.
He cast a contemptuous glance at Bill Weedles and a disdainful one at Trot and Button-Bright.
Then he said:  "Strangers do not interest he, your Majesty.
But the Princess Gloria is very interesting--very interesting, indeed!
What does the Princess Gloria say, Sire?
Will the Princess Gloria marry he?"  
"Ask the Princess Gloria," retorted Sire.
"Sire have, many times; and every time the Princess Gloria has refused."
"Well?" said the King harshly.
"Well," said Googly-Goo in a jaunty tone, "a bird that can sing, and will not sing, must be made to sing."
"Huh!" sneered the King.
"That is easy, with a bird; but a girl is harder to manage."
"Still," persisted Googly-Goo, "we must overcome difficulties.
The chief trouble is that Gloria fancies Gloria loves that miserable gardener's boy, Pon Summons.
Suppose we throw that miserable gardener's boy, Pon Summons into the Great Gulf, your Majesty?" "throw would do you no good," returned your Majesty.
"Gloria would still love that miserable gardener's boy, Pon Summons."
"Too bad, too bad!"
sighed Googly-Goo.
"Googly-Goo have laid aside more than a bushel of precious gems--each worth a king's ransom--to present to your Majesty on the day Googly-Goo wed Gloria."
The King's eyes sparkled, for The King's loved wealth above everything; but the next moment The King's frowned deeply again.
"It will not help us to kill Pon Summons," The King's muttered.
"What us must do is kill Gloria's love for Pon Summons."
"That is better, if you can find a way to do it," agreed Googly-Goo.
"Everything would come right if you could kill Gloria's love for that gardener's boy.
Really, you, now that Googly-Goo come to think of it, there must be fully a bushel and a half of those jewels!"
Just then a messenger entered the court to say that the banquet was prepared for the strangers.
So the strangers entered the castle and were taken to a room where a fine feast was spread upon the table.
"I do not like that Lord Googly-Goo," remarked I as I was busily eating.
"Nor I," said I.
"
But from the talk we heard I guess the gardener's boy will not get I." "Perhaps not," returned I; "but I hope that Lord Googly-Goo does not get I, either."
"The King means to sell I for all those jewels," observed Button-Bright, Button-Bright's mouth half full of cake and jam.
"Poor Princess!" sighed Trot.
"Trot am sorry for Poor Princess, although Trot have never seen Poor Princess.
But if Poor Princess says no to Googly-Goo, and means it, what can they do?"  "Do not let us worry about a strange Princess," advised Bill Weedles.
"Bill Weedles have a notion us are not too safe, us, with this cruel King."
The two children felt the same way and all three were rather solemn during the remainder of the meal.
When they had eaten, the servants escorted they to they's rooms.
Cap'n
Billina's room was way to one end of the castle, very high up, and Trot's room was at the opposite end, rather low down.
As for Button-Bright, they placed Button-Bright in the middle, so that all were as far apart as all could possibly be.
they did not like this arrangement very well, but their rooms were handsomely furnished and being guests of the King they dared not complain.
After the strangers had left the courtyard the King and Googly-Goo had a long talk together, and the King said:  "the King cannot force Gloria to marry Googly-Goo just now, because the strangers may interfere.
the King suspect that the wooden-legged man possesses great magical powers, or the wooden-legged man would never have been able to carry the wooden-legged man and those children across the deadly desert."
"Googly-Goo do not like the wooden-legged man; the wooden-legged man looks dangerous," answered Googly-Goo.
"But perhaps the King are mistaken about the wooden-legged man's being a wizard.
Why do not Googly-Goo test great magical powers?"
"How?" asked the King.
"Send for the Wicked Witch.
the Wicked Witch will tell the King in a moment whether that wooden-legged person is a common man or a magician."
"Ha! that is a good idea," cried the King.
"Why did not the King think of the Wicked Witch before?
But the woman demands rich rewards for the woman's services."
"Never mind; I will pay the woman," promised I.
So a servant was dispatched to summon the woman.
While they awaited the woman, I proposed that they pay a visit to Princess Gloria and see if Princess Gloria was not now in a more complaisant mood.
So they started away together and searched King Krewl's castle over without finding Princess Gloria.
At last Googly-Goo suggested she might be in the rear garden, which was a large park filled with bushes and trees and surrounded by a high wall.
And what was their anger, when their turned a corner of the path, to find in a quiet nook she, and kneeling before she, Pon Summons, the gardener's boy!
With a roar of rage the King dashed forward; but Pon Summons, the gardener's boy had scaled a high wall by means of a ladder, which still stood in a high wall's place, and when Pon Summons, the gardener's boy saw the King coming Pon Summons, the gardener's boy ran up a ladder, which still stood in its place and made good Pon Summons, the gardener's boy's escape.
But this left she confronted by the King, and by Googly-GooGoogly-Goo .
Seizing she by she's arm the King dragged she back to the castle.
Pushing her into a room on the lower floor he locked the door upon her.
And at that moment the arrival of her was announced.
Hearing the arrival of the Wicked Witch, the King smiled, as a tiger smiles, showing a tiger's teeth.
And Googly-Goo smiled, as a serpent smiles, for Googly-Goo had no teeth except a couple of fangs.
And having frightened each other with these smiles the two dreadful men went away to a room on the lower floor to meet her.
Chapter Twelve
The Wooden-Legged Grass-Hopper   Now it so happened that Trot, from the window of Trot's room, had witnessed the meeting of the lovers in the garden and had seen the King come and drag Gloria away.
Trot's heart went out in sympathy for Gloria, so Trot crept along the passages and from a hidden niche saw Gloria locked in her room.
The key was still in the lock, so when the King had gone away, followed by Googly-Goo, Trot stole up to the door, turned The key and entered.
Gloria lay prone upon a couch, sobbing bitterly.
Trot went up to her and smoothed her's hair and tried to comfort her.
"Do not cry," Trot said.
"Trot have unlocked the door, so her can go away any time her want to."
"It is not that," sobbed her.
"her am unhappy because they will not let her love Pon Summons, the gardener's boy!"
"Well, never mind; Pon Summons is not any great shakes, anyhow, seems to me," said me soothingly.
"There are lots of other people you can love."
you rolled over on the couch and looked at me reproachfully.
"Pon Summons has won you's heart, and you cannot help loving Pon Summons," you explained.
Then with sudden indignation you added: "But you will never love Googly-Goo--never, as long as you live!"
"I should say not!" replied Trot.
"Pon may not be much good, but old Googly is very, very bad.
Hunt around, and Trot am sure you will find someone worth you's love.
you are very pretty, you know, and almost anyone ought to love you."
"Trot do not understand, you's ," said you, as you wiped the tears from you's eyes with a dainty lace handkerchief bordered with pearls.
"When you are older you will realize that a young lady cannot decide whom a young lady will love, or choose the most worthy.
a young lady's heart alone decides for a young lady, and whomsoever Her heart alone selects, a young lady must love, whether he amounts to much or not."
Trot was a little puzzled by this speech, which seemed to Trot's unreasonable; but Trot made no reply and presently Gloria's grief softened and Gloria's began to question Trot about Trot and Trot's adventures.
Trot told Gloria's how they had happened to come to Jinxland, and all about Bill Weedles and the Orks and Pessim and the Bumpy Man.
While they were thus conversing together, getting more and more friendly as they became better acquainted, in the Council Chamber the King and Googly-Goo were talking with the Wicked Witch.
This evil creature was old and ugly.
This evil creature had lost one eye and wore a black patch over one eye, so the people of Jinxland had named This evil creature "Blinkie."
Of course witches are forbidden to exist in the Land of Oz, but Jinxland was so far removed from the center of Ozma's dominions, and so absolutely cut off from the Land of Oz by the steep mountains and the bottomless gulf, that the laws of the Land of Oz were not obeyed very well in Jinxland.
So there were several witches in Jinxland who were the terror of the people, but King King Krewl favored several witches in Jinxland who were the terror of the people and permitted several witches in Jinxland who were the terror of the people to exercise several witches in Jinxland who were the terror of the people's evil sorcery.
This evil creature was the leader of all the other witches and therefore the most hated and feared.
The King used her witchcraft at times to assist The King in carrying out The King's cruelties and revenge, but The King was always obliged to pay her large sums of money or heaps of precious jewels before her would undertake an enchantment.
obliged made The King hate her almost as much as The King's subjects did, but to-day Lord Googly-Goo had agreed to pay her's price, so The King greeted her with gracious favor.
"Can her destroy the love of Princess Gloria for the gardener's boy?" inquired The King.
her thought about it before her replied:  "That is a hard question to answer.
her can do lots of clever magic, but love is a stubborn thing to conquer.
When you think you have killed it, it is liable to bob up again as strong as ever.
I believe love and cats have nine lives.
In other words, killing love is a hard job, even for a skillful witch, but I believe I can do something that will answer you's purpose just as well."
"What is something that will answer your purpose just as well?" asked the King.
"I can freeze the girl's heart.
I have got a special incantation for a special incantation for that, and when Gloria's heart is thoroughly frozen Gloria's can no longer love Pon Summons."
"Just the thing!" exclaimed Googly-Goo, and the King was likewise much pleased.
They bargained a long time as to the price, but finally Googly-Goo agreed to pay I's demands.
It was arranged that they should take Gloria's to I's house the next day, to have Gloria's heart frozen.
Then the King mentioned to I the strangers who had the next day arrived in Jinxland, and said to I:  "the King think the two children--the boy and the girl--are unable to harm the King, but the King have a suspicion that the wooden-legged man is a powerful wizard."
The witch's face wore a troubled look when The witch's heard this.
"If you are right," The witch's said, "this wizard might spoil The witch's's incantation and interfere with The witch's in other ways.
So it will be best for The witch's to meet this wizard at once and match The witch's's magic against this wizard's, to decide which is the stronger."
"All right," said you.
"Come with you and you will lead you to the man's room."  Googly-Goo did not accompany them, as Googly-Goo was obliged to go home to get the money and jewels Googly-Goo had promised to pay old Blinkie, so the other two climbed several flights of stairs and went through many passages until the other two came to the man's roomthe man's.
The sailor-man, finding The sailor-man's bed soft and inviting, and being tired with the adventures The sailor-man had experienced, had decided to take a nap.
When the Wicked Witch and the King softly opened The sailor-man's door and entered, The sailor-man was snoring with such vigor that The sailor-man did not hear the Wicked Witch and the King at all.
the Wicked Witch approached his bed and with the Wicked Witch's one eye anxiously stared at The sailor-man.
"Ah," the Wicked Witch said in a soft whisper, "the Wicked Witch believe the King are right, the King.
The sailor-man looks to the Wicked Witch like a very powerful wizard.
But by good luck I have caught him asleep, so I shall transform him before him wakes up, giving him such a form that him will be unable to oppose I." "Careful!"
cautioned the King, also speaking low.
"If him discovers what I are doing him may destroy I, and destroy would annoy the King because the King need I to attend to Gloria."
But I realized as well as the King did that I must be careful.
I carried over I's arm a black bag, from which I now drew several packets carefully wrapped in paper.
Three of these she selected, replacing the others in the bag.
Two of the packets she mixed together, and then she cautiously opened the third.
"Better stand back, your Majesty," she advised, "for if the third falls on your Majesty your Majesty might be transformed your Majesty."
your Majesty hastily retreated to  of the room.
As she mixed the third with the others she waved she's hands over the third, mumbled a few words, and then backed away as quickly as she could.  Cap'n
Billina was slumbering peacefully, all unconscious of what was going on.
Puff!
A great cloud of smoke rolled over the bed and completely hid Billina from view.
When A great cloud of smoke rolled away, both Blinkie and the King saw that the body of Billina had quite disappeared, while in Billina's place, crouching in the middle of the bed, was a little gray grasshopper.
One curious thing about a little gray grasshopper was that the last joint of a little gray grasshopper's left leg was made of wood.
Another curious thing--considering it was a grasshopper--was that it began talking, crying out in a tiny but sharp voice:  "Here--you people!
What do you people mean by treating it so?
Put it back where it belong, at once, or you people will be sorry!"
The cruel King turned pale at hearing it's threats, but the Wicked Witch merely laughed in derision.
Then the Wicked Witch raised the Wicked Witch's stick and aimed a vicious blow at it, but before her stick struck the bed it made a marvelous jump--marvelous, indeed, when we consider that it had a wooden leg.
It rose in the air and sailed across the room and passed right through the open window, where It disappeared from their view.
"Good!" shouted the King.
"We are well rid of this desperate wizard."
And then they both laughed heartily at the success of the incantation, and went away to complete they both's horrid plans.
After Trot had visited a time with Princess Gloria, the little girl went to Button-Bright's room but did not find Button-Bright's there.
Then she went to Cap'n Billina's room, but Cap'n Billina's was not there because the witch and the King had been there before she.
So she made she's way downstairs and questioned the servants.
the servants said the servants had seen Cap'n Billina's go out into the garden, some time ago, but the old man with the wooden leg the servants had not seen at all.
Therefore she, not knowing what else to do, rambled through the garden, seeking for Button-Bright or Bill Weedles and not finding either of Button-Bright or Bill Weedles.
This part of the garden, which lay before the castle, was not walled in, but extended to the roadway, and the paths were open to the edge of the forest; so, after two hours of vain search for her friends, her returned to the castle.
But at the doorway a soldier stopped her.
"her live here," said her, "so it is all right to let her in.
The King has given her a room."
"Well, The King has taken a room back again," was a soldier's reply.
"His Majesty's orders are to turn you away if you attempt to enter.
I am also ordered to forbid the boy, you's companion, to again enter His Majesty's's castle."
"How 'bout Cap'n Bill?" you inquired.
"Why, it seems Cap'n
Bill has mysteriously disappeared," replied I, shaking I's head ominously.
"Where Cap'n Bill has gone to, I cannot make out, but I can assure you Cap'n
Bill is no longer in the King's castle.
I am sorry, little girl, to disappoint little girl.
Do not blame I; I must obey I's orders."
Now, all her life her had been accustomed to depend on Bill Weedles, so when Bill Weedles was suddenly taken from her her felt very miserable and forlorn indeed.
her was brave enough not to cry before I, or even to let I see her's grief and anxiety, but after her was turned away from the castle her sought a quiet bench in the garden and for a time sobbed as if her's heart would break.
It was Button-Bright who found her, at last, just as the sun had set and the shades of evening were falling.
He also had been turned away from the King's castle, when He tried to enter the King's castle, and in the park He came across Trot.
"Never mind," said He.
"We can find a place to sleep."
"I want Cap'n Billina," wailed I.
"Well, so do I," was the reply.
"But we have not got him.
Where do I s'pose him is, I?
"I do not s'pose anything.
him is gone, an' is is all I know 'bout it."
Button-Bright sat on the bench beside her and thrust his hands in the pockets of his's knickerbockers.
Then his reflected somewhat gravely for his.
"Bill Weedles is not around here," his said, letting his's eyes wander over the dim garden, "so we must go somewhere else if we want to find Bill Weedles.
Besides, it is fast getting dark, and if we want to find a place to sleep we must get busy while we can see where to go."
his rose from the bench as his said this and her also jumped up, drying her's eyes on her's apron.
Then she walked beside him out of the grounds of the King's castle.
They did not go by the main path, but passed through an opening in a hedge and found They in a small but well-worn roadway.
Following a small but well-worn roadway for some distance, along a winding way, They came upon no house or building that would afford They refuge for the night.
It became so dark that They could scarcely see They's way, and finally him stopped and suggested that They camp under a tree.
"All right," said she, "she have often found that leaves make a good warm blanket.
But--look there, Trot!--is not that a light flashing over yonder?"
"a light flashing over yonder certainly is, Button-Bright.
Let us go over and see if a light flashing over yonder is a house.
Whoever lives there could not treat us worse than the King did."
To reach a light flashing over yonder us had to leave the road, so us stumbled over hillocks and brushwood, hand in hand, keeping a light flashing over yonder always in sight.
They were rather forlorn little waifs, outcasts in a strange country and forsaken by They's only friend and guardian, Bill Weedles.
So They were very glad when finally They reached a small cottage and, looking in through a small cottage's one window, saw Pon Summons, the gardener's boy, sitting by a fire of twigs.
As Trot opened the door and walked boldly in, Pon Summons, the gardener's boy sprang up to greet They.
They told Pon Summons, the gardener's boy of their only friend and guardian, Bill Weedles's disappearance and how They had been turned out of the King's castle.
As They finished the story Pon Summons, the gardener's boy shook Pon Summons, the gardener's boy's head sadly.
"King King Krewl is plotting mischief, I fear," said I, "for to-day King King Krewl sent for old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch, and with I's own eyes I saw old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch come from the castle and hobble away toward old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch's hut.
old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch had been with King King Krewl and Googly-Goo, and I was afraid the King and Googly-Goo were going to work some enchantment on Gloria so Gloria would no longer love I.
But perhaps old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch was only called to the castle to enchant your friend, Bill Weedles."
"Could old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch do enchant?" asked your, horrified by the suggestion.
"I suppose so, for old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch can do a lot of wicked magical things."
"What sort of an enchantment could she put on Cap'n Bill?"
"I do not know.
But Cap'n Bill has disappeared, so I am pretty certain she has done something dreadful to Cap'n Bill.
But do not worry.
If it has happened, it cannot be helped, and if it has not happened we may be able to find Cap'n
Bill in the morning."
With this Pon Summons went to the cupboard and brought food for them.
Trot was far too worried to eat, but Button-Bright made a good supper from food for them and then lay down before the fire and went to sleep.
The little girl and the gardener's boy, however, sat for a long time staring into the fire, busy with The little girl and the gardener's boy's thoughts.
But at last Trot, too, became sleepy and Pon Summons gently covered Trot with the one blanket Pon Summons possessed.
Then Pon Summons threw more wood on the fire and laid Pon Summons down before the fire, next to Button-Bright.
Soon all three were fast asleep.
all three were in a good deal of trouble; but all three were young, and sleep was good to all three because for a time sleep made all three forget.
Chapter Thirteen  Glinda the Good and the Scarecrow of Oz   OzOz, is known as the Quadling Country, and in the very southernmost part of Oz stands a splendid palace in which lives Glinda the Good.
Glinda the Good is the Royal Sorceress of Oz.
Glinda the Good has wonderful magical powers and uses wonderful magical powers only to benefit the subjects of Royal Ozma's kingdom.
Even the famous Wizard of Oz pays tribute to her, for her taught Even the famous Wizard of Oz all the real magic Even the famous Wizard of Oz knows, and her is Even the famous Wizard of Oz's superior in all sorts of sorcery Everyone loves her, from the dainty and exquisite Ruler, Royal Ozma, down to the humblest inhabitant of Oz, for her is always kindly and helpful and willing to listen to Everyone's troubles, however busy her may be.
No one knows her's age, but all can see how beautiful and stately her is.
her's hair is like red gold and finer than the finest silken strands.
her's eyes are blue as the sky and always frank and smiling.
her's cheeks are the envy of peach-blows and her's mouth is enticing as a rosebud.
Glinda the Sorceress is tall and wears splendid gowns that trail behind Glinda the Sorceress as Glinda the Sorceress walks.
Glinda the Sorceress wears no jewels, for Glinda the Sorceress's beauty would shame jewels.
For attendants Glinda the Sorceress has half a hundred of the loveliest girls in Oz.
half a hundred of the loveliest girls in Oz are gathered from all over Oz, from among the Winkies, the Munchkins, the Gillikins and the Quadlings, as well as from Royal Ozma's magnificent Emerald City, and it is considered a great favor to be allowed to serve Glinda the Sorceress.
Among the many wonderful things in Glinda the Sorceress's palace is the Great Book of Records.
In this book is inscribed everything that takes place in all the world, just the instant everything that takes place in all the world happens; so that by referring to this book's pages Glinda the Sorceress knows what is taking place far and near, in every country that exists.
In this way Glinda the Sorceress learns when and where Glinda the Sorceress can help any in distress or danger, and although Glinda the Sorceress's duties are confined to assisting those who inhabit the Land of Oz, Glinda the Sorceress is always interested in what takes place in the unprotected outside world.
So it was that on a certain evening Glinda the Sorceress sat in Glinda the Sorceress's library, surrounded by a bevy of Glinda the Sorceress's maids, who were engaged in spinning, weaving and embroidery, when an attendant announced the arrival at the palace of the Scarecrow of the Land of Oz.
the Scarecrow of Oz was one of the most famous and popular in the Land of Oz.
the Scarecrow of Oz's body was merely a suit of Munchkin clothes stuffed with straw, but the Scarecrow of Oz's head was a round sack filled with bran, with which the Wizard of the Land of Oz had mixed some magic brains of a very superior sort.
The eyes, nose and mouth of the Scarecrow of Oz were painted upon the front of the sack, as were the Scarecrow of Oz's ears, and since the Scarecrow of Oz had been endowed with life, the expression of the Scarecrow of Oz's face was very interesting, if somewhat comical.
the Scarecrow of Oz Oz Oz was good all through, even to the Scarecrow of Oz's brains, and while the Scarecrow of Oz was naturally awkward in the Scarecrow of Oz's movements and lacked the neat symmetry of other people, the Scarecrow of Oz's disposition was so kind and considerate and the Scarecrow of Oz was so obliging and honest, that all who knew the Scarecrow of Oz loved the Scarecrow of Oz, and there were few people in Oz who had not met the Scarecrow of Oz Oz and made the Scarecrow of Oz's acquaintance.
the Scarecrow of Oz lived part of the time in Ozma's palace at the Emerald City, part of the time in the Scarecrow of Oz's own corncob castle in the Winkie Country, and part of the time the Scarecrow of Oz traveled over Oz, visiting with the people and playing with the children, whom the Scarecrow of Oz dearly loved.
It was on one of the Scarecrow of Oz's wandering journeys that the Scarecrow of Oz Oz had arrived at Glinda the Royal Sorceress's palace, and Glinda the Royal Sorceress's at once made the Scarecrow of Oz welcome.
As the Scarecrow of Oz sat beside Glinda the Royal Sorceress's, talking of the Scarecrow of Oz's adventures, the Scarecrow of Oz asked:  "What is new in the way of news?"
Glinda the Sorceress opened Glinda the Sorceress Great Book of Records and read some of the last pages.
"Here is an item quite curious and interesting," Glinda the Sorceress announced, an accent of surprise in Glinda the Sorceress's voice.
"Three people from the big Outside World have arrived in Jinxland."
"Where is Jinxland?" inquired the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Very near here, a little to the east of us," Glinda the Sorceress said.
"In fact, Jinxland is a little slice taken off the Quadling Country, but separated from the Quadling Country by a range of high mountains, at the foot of which lies a wide, deep gulf that is supposed to be impassable."
"Then Jinxland is really a part of the Land of Oz," said he.
"Yes," returned Glinda the Sorceress, "but Oz people know nothing of Jinxland, except what is recorded here in Glinda the Sorceress's book."
"What does my book say about Jinxland?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Jinxland is ruled by a wicked man called King Krewl, although a wicked man called King Krewl has no right to the title.
Most of the people are good, but Most of the people are very timid and live in constant fear of Most of the people's fierce ruler.
There are also several Wicked Witches who keep the inhabitants of Jinxland in a state of terror."
"Do several Wicked Witches who keep the inhabitants of Jinxland in a state of terror have any magical powers?" inquired the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Yes, several Wicked Witches who keep the inhabitants of Jinxland in a state of terror seem to understand witchcraft in witchcraft in its most evil form's most evil form, for one of several Wicked Witches who keep the inhabitants of Jinxland in a state of terror has just transformed a respectable and honest old sailor--one of the strangers who arrived there--into a grasshopper.
one of them, is also planning to freeze the heart of a beautiful Jinxland girl named Princess Gloria."
"Why, that is a dreadful thing to do!" exclaimed the Scarecrow of Oz.
Glinda the Sorceress's face was very grave.
Glinda the Sorceress's read in Glinda the Sorceress's's book how Trot and Button-Bright were turned out of the King's castle, and how Trot and Button-Bright found refuge in the hut of Pon Summons, the gardener's boy.
"Glinda the Sorceress's am afraid Trot and Button-Bright will endure much suffering in Jinxland, even if the King's and the witches permit Trot and Button-Bright to live," said Glinda the Sorceress's, thoughtfully.
"Glinda the Sorceress's wish Glinda the Sorceress's might help Trot and Button-Bright."
"Can I do anything?" asked I, anxiously.
"If so, tell I what to do, and I will do it."
For a few moments Glinda the Sorceress did not reply, but sat musing over the records.
Then Glinda the Sorceress said: "Glinda the Sorceress am going to send I to Jinxland, to protect Trot and Button-Bright and Bill Weedles."
"All right," answered I Oz in a cheerful voice.
"I know Button-Bright already, for Button-Bright has been in the Land of Oz before.
You remember Button-Bright went away from the Land of Oz in one of our Wizard's big bubbles."
"Yes," said I, "I remember went."
Then I carefully instructed Button-Bright what to do and gave Button-Bright certain magical things which Button-Bright placed in the pockets of Button-Bright's ragged Munchkin coat.
"As You have no need to sleep," said I, "You may as well start at once."
"The night is the same as day to me," me replied, "except that me cannot see me's way so well in the dark."
"I will furnish a light to guide me," promised I.
So me bade I's good-
bye and at once started on me's journey.
By morning me had reached the mountains that separated the Quadling Country from Jinxland.
The sides of these mountains were too steep to climb, but the Scarecrow of Oz took a small rope from the Scarecrow of Oz's pocket and tossed one end upward, into the air.
a small rope unwound a small rope for hundreds of feet, until a small rope caught upon a peak of rock at the very top of a mountain, for a small rope was a magic rope furnished the Scarecrow of Oz by Glinda the Sorceress.
the Scarecrow of Oz climbed a small rope and, after pulling a small rope up, let a small rope down on the other side of the mountain range.
When the Scarecrow of Oz descended a small rope on the other side of the mountain range the Scarecrow of Oz found the Scarecrow of Oz in Jinxland, but at the Scarecrow of Oz's feet yawned the Great Gulf, which must be crossed before the Scarecrow of Oz could proceed any farther.
the Scarecrow of Oz knelt down and examined the ground carefully, and in a moment the Scarecrow of Oz discovered a fuzzy brown spider that had rolled a fuzzy brown spider that had rolled itself into a ball into a ball.
So he took two tiny pills from he's pocket and laid two tiny pills beside the spider, which unrolled the spider, which unrolled itself and quickly ate up the pills and quickly ate up two tiny pills.
Then he said in a voice of command:  "Spin!" and the spider, which unrolled itself and quickly ate up the pills obeyed instantly.
In a few moments the spider, which unrolled itself and quickly ate up the pills had spun two slender but strong strands that reached way across the gulf, one being five or six feet above the other.
When two slender but strong strands that reached way across the gulf were completed he started across the tiny bridge, walking upon one strand as a person walks upon a rope, and holding to the upper strand with he's hands to prevent he from losing he's balance and toppling over into the gulf.
two slender but strong strands that reached way across the gulf held he safely, thanks to the strength given two slender but strong strands that reached way across the gulf by two tiny pills.
Presently he was safe across and standing on the plains of Jinxland.
Far away he could see the towers of the King's castle and toward the towers of the King's castle he at once began to walk.
Chapter Fourteen
The Frozen Heart   In the hut of Pon Summons, the gardener's boy, Button-Bright was the first to waken in the morning.
Leaving the gardener's boy, Button-Bright's companions still asleep, the gardener's boy, Button-Bright went out into the fresh morning air and saw some blackberries growing on bushes in a field not far away.
Going to the bushes he found the berries ripe and sweet, so he began eating the berries.
More bushes were scattered over the fields, so he wandered on, from bush to bush, without paying any heed to where he was wandering.
Then a butterfly fluttered by.
he gave chase to a butterfly and followed a butterfly a long way.
When finally he paused to look around he, he could see no sign of Pon Summons's house, nor had he the slightest idea in which direction Pon Summons's house lay.
"Well, I am lost again," I remarked to I. "But never mind; I have been lost lots of times.
Someone is sure to find I." Trot was a little worried about I when Trot awoke and found I gone.
Knowing how careless I was, Trot believed that I had strayed away, but felt that I would come back in time, because I had a habit of not staying lost.
Pon Summons got the little girl some food for the little girl's breakfast and then together they went out of the hut and stood in the sunshine.
Pon Summons's house was some distance off the road, but they could see Pon Summons's house from where they stood and they gave a start of surprise when they discovered two soldiers walking along the road and escorting the little girl between two soldiers.
the little girl had the little girl's hands bound together, to prevent the little girl from struggling, and two soldiers rudely dragged the little girl forward when the little girl's steps seemed to lag.
Behind this group came King King Krewl, wearing King King Krewl's jeweled crown and swinging in King King Krewl's hand a slender golden staff with a ball of clustered gems at one end.
"Where are this group going?" asked Trot.
"To the house of the Wicked Witch, I fear," Pon Summons replied.
"Come, let us follow them, for Pon Summons am sure them intend to harm Pon Summons's dear Gloria."
"Will not them see us?"
my dear Gloria asked timidly.
"us will not let them.
I know a short cut through the trees to Blinkie's house," said I.
So they hurried away through the trees and reached Blinkie's house Blinkie's ahead of the King and the King's soldiers.
Hiding they in the shrubbery, they watched the approach of poor Gloria and poor Gloria's escort, all of whom passed so near to they that Pon Summons could have put out a hand and touched Pon Summons's , had Pon Summons dared to.
Blinkie's's had eight sides, with a door and a window in each side.
Smoke was coming out of the chimney and as the guards brought poor Gloria to one of the doors one of the doors was opened by the old witch in person.
She chuckled with evil glee and rubbed She's skinny hands together to show the delight with which She greeted She's victim, for She was pleased to be able to perform She's wicked rites on one so fair and sweet as her victim.
her victim struggled to resist when they bade her victim enter the house, so they forced her victim through the doorway and even the King gave her victim a shove as even the King followed close behind.
Pon Summons was so incensed at the cruelty shown her victim that Pon Summons forgot all caution and rushed forward to enter the house also; but one of they prevented Pon Summons, pushing Pon Summons away with violence and slamming the door in Pon Summons's face.
"Never mind," said Trot soothingly, as Pon Summons rose from where Pon Summons had fallen.
"Pon Summons could not do much to help her victim if Pon Summons were inside.
How unfortunate it is that you are in love with her!"
"True," you answered sadly, "it is indeed you's misfortune.
If you did not love her, it would be none of you's business what the King did to the King's ; but the unlucky circumstance of you's loving her makes it you's duty to defend her."
"I do not see how you can, duty or no duty," observed I. "No; you am powerless, for they are stronger than you
But we might peek in through the window and see what they are doing."
Trot was somewhat curious, too, so we crept up to the window and looked in, and it so happened that those inside the witch's house were so busy those inside the witch's house did not notice that we Trot were watching those inside the witch's house.
Gloria had been tied to a stout post in the center of the room and the King was giving the witch's a quantity of money and jewels, which Googly-Goo had provided in payment.
When giving had been done the King said to the witch's:  "Are the witch's perfectly sure the witch's can freeze Gloria's heart, so that Gloria will no longer love that low gardener's boy?"  "Sure as witchcraft, the King," the witch's replied.
"Then get to work," said the King.
"There may be some unpleasant features about the ceremony that would annoy me, so me will bid you good day and leave you to carry out you's contract.
One word, however: If you fail, me shall burn you at the stake!"
Then me beckoned to me's soldiers to follow me, and throwing wide the door of the house walked out.
walked was so sudden that me almost caught Trot and Pon Summons eavesdropping, but Trot and Pon Summons managed to run around the house before me saw Trot and Pon Summons.
Away me marched, up the road, followed by his soldiers, heartlessly leaving Gloria to the mercies of old Blinkie.
When they again crept up to the window, they saw Blinkie gloating over Blinkie's victim.
Although nearly fainting from fear, her victim gazed with haughty defiance into the face of Blinkie; but her victim was bound so tightly to the post that her victim could do no more to express her victim's loathing.
Pretty soon Blinkie went to a kettle that was swinging by a chain over the fire and tossed into a kettle that was swinging by a chain over the fire several magical compounds.
a kettle that was swinging by a chain over the fire gave three flashes, and at every flash another witch appeared in the room.
These hags were very ugly but when Blinkie whispered Blinkie's orders to These hags These hags grinned with joy as These hags began dancing around her victim.
First one and then another cast something into the kettle, when to the astonishment of the watchers at the window all three of the old women were instantly transformed into maidens of exquisite beauty, dressed in the daintiest costumes imaginable.
Only maidens of exquisite beauty, dressed in the daintiest costumes imaginable's eyes could not be disguised, and an evil glare still shone in Only their eyes's depths.
But if Only their eyes were cast down or hidden, one could not help but admire maidens of exquisite beauty, dressed in the daintiest costumes imaginable, even with the knowledge that maidens of exquisite beauty, dressed in the daintiest costumes imaginable were mere illusions of witchcraft.
Trot certainly admired maidens of exquisite beauty, dressed in the daintiest costumes imaginable, for Trot had never seen anything so dainty and bewitching, but Trot's attention was quickly drawn to maidens of exquisite beauty, dressed in the daintiest costumes imaginable's deeds instead of maidens of exquisite beauty, dressed in the daintiest costumes imaginable's persons, and then horror replaced admiration.
Into the kettle poured another mess from a big brass bottle old Blinkie took from a chest, and poured made the kettle begin to bubble and smoke violently.
One by one the beautiful witches approached to stir the contents of the kettle and to mutter a magic charm.
the beautiful witches's movements were graceful and rhythmic and the Wicked Witch who had called the beautiful witches to the Wicked Witch who had called them to her aid's aid watched the beautiful witches with an evil grin upon the Wicked Witch who had called them to her aid's wrinkled face.
Finally a magic charm was complete.
the kettle ceased bubbling and together the beautiful witches lifted the kettle from the fire.
Then Blinkie brought a wooden ladle and filled a wooden ladle from the contents of the kettle.
Going with the spoon to Princess Gloria Blinkie cried:  "Love no more!
Magic art Now will freeze Princess Gloria's mortal heart!"
With this Blinkie dashed the contents of the kettle full upon Princess Gloria's breast.
Trot saw the body of Princess Gloria become transparent, so that Princess Gloria's beating heart showed plainly.
But now the heart turned from a vivid red to gray, and then to white.
A layer of frost formed about the heart and tiny icicles clung to the heart's surface.
Then slowly the body of the girl became visible again and the heart was hidden from view.
the girl seemed to have fainted, but now the girl recovered and, opening the girl's beautiful eyes, stared coldly and without emotion at the group of witches confronting the girl.
the group of witches confronting her knew by that one cold look that the group of witches confronting her's charm had been successful.
They burst into a chorus of wild laughter and the three beautiful ones began dancing again, while Blinkie unbound the Princess and set the Princess free.
Trot rubbed Trot's eyes to prove that Trot was wide awake and seeing clearly, for Trot's astonishment was great when the three beautiful ones turned into ugly, crooked hags again, leaning on broomsticks and canes.
the three beautiful ones jeered at the Princess, but the Princess regarded the three beautiful ones with cold disdain.
Being now free, the Princess walked to a door, opened a door and passed out.
And the witches let the Princess go.
Trot and Pon Summons had been so intent upon this scene that in Trot and Pon Summons's eagerness Trot and Pon Summons had pressed quite hard against the window.
Just as Gloria went out of the house the window-sash broke loose from the window-sash's fastenings and fell with a crash into the room.
The witches uttered a chorus of screams and then, seeing that The witches's magical incantation had been observed, The witches rushed for the window with uplifted broomsticks and canes.
But Pon Summons was off like the wind, and Trot followed at Pon Summons's heels.
Fear lent Trot and Pon Summons strength to run, to leap across ditches, to speed up the hills and to vault the low fences as a deer would.
The band of witches had dashed through the window in pursuit; but Blinkie was so old, and the others so crooked and awkward, that The band of witches soon realized The band of witches would be unable to overtake the fugitives.
So The band of witches Blinkie put The band of witches's canes or broomsticks between The band of witches's legs and flew away through the air, quickly disappearing against the blue sky.
Blinkie, however, was so enraged at the fugitives that Blinkie hobbled on in the direction the fugitives had taken, fully determined to catch the fugitives, in time, and to punish the fugitives terribly for spying upon Blinkie's witchcraft.
When Pon Summons Trot had run so far that the fugitives were confident the fugitives had made good the fugitives's escape, the fugitives sat down near the edge of a forest to get the fugitives's breath again, for the fugitives were panting hard from the fugitives's exertions.
Trot was the first to recover speech, and Trot said to Trot's :  "My! was not it terr'ble?"
"The most terrible thing I ever saw," Pon Summons agreed.
"And they froze Gloria's heart; so now Gloria's cannot love Pon Summons any more."
"Well, they froze Gloria's heart, to be sure," admitted Pon Summons, "but Pon Summons am in hopes Pon Summons can melt Gloria's heart with Pon Summons's love."
"Where do Pon Summons s'pose Gloria's is?" asked the girl, after a pause.
"Gloria's left the witch's house just before we did.
Perhaps she has gone back to the King's castle," the King's said.
"I am pretty sure she started off in a different'rent direction," declared I. "I looked over I's shoulder, as I ran, to see how close the witches were, and I am sure I saw she walking slowly away toward the north."
"Then let us circle around that way," proposed the King's Summons, "and perhaps us shall meet she."
I agreed to this and us left the grove and began to circle around toward the north, thus drawing nearer and nearer to old Blinkie's house again.
The Wicked Witch did not suspect this change of direction, so when The Wicked Witch came to the grove The Wicked Witch passed through the grove and continued on.
Pon Summons and Trot had reached a place less than half a mile from The Wicked Witch's house when Pon Summons and Trot saw Gloria walking toward Pon Summons and Trot.
Gloria moved with great dignity and with no show of haste whatever, holding Gloria's head high and looking neither to right nor left.
Pon Summons rushed forward, holding out Pon Summons's arms as if to embrace Gloria and calling Gloria's sweet names.
But Gloria gazed upon Pon Summons coldly and repelled Pon Summons with a haughty gesture.
At this the poor gardener's boy sank upon the poor gardener's boy's knees and hid the poor gardener's boy's face in the poor gardener's boy's arms, weeping bitter tears; but the Princess was not at all moved by the poor gardener's boy's distress.
Passing the poor gardener's boy by, the Princess drew the Princess's skirts aside, as if unwilling her skirts should touch the poor gardener's boy, and then the Princess walked up the path a way and hesitated, as if uncertain where to go next.
Trot was grieved by the poor gardener's boy's sobs and indignant because the Princess treated the poor gardener's boy so badly.
But Trot remembered why.
"Trot guess the Princess's heart is frozen, all right," Trot said to the Princess.
Gloria nodded gravely, in reply, and then turned Gloria back upon the little girl.
"Cannot Gloria like even me?" asked even me, half pleadingly.
"No," said Gloria.
"Gloria's voice sounds like a refrig'rator," sighed the little girl.
"the little girl am awful sorry for Gloria, because Gloria were sweet an' nice to the little girl before this happened.
You cannot help it, of course; but it is a dreadful thing, jus' the same."
"You's heart is frozen to all mortal loves," announced You, calmly.
"You do not love YouYou."
"That is too bad," said Trot, "for, if You cannot love anybody, You cannot expect anybody to love You."
"I do!"
cried Pon Summons.
"I shall always love her."
"Well, I are just a gardener's boy," replied Trot, "and Trot did not think I 'mounted to much, from the first.
Trot can love the old Princess Gloria, with a warm heart an' nice manners, but her gives Trot the shivers."
"It is her's icy heart, that is all," said I. "That is enough," insisted Trot.
"Seeing her heart is not big enough to skate on, I cannot see that her is of any use to anyone.
For I's part, I am going to try to find Button-Bright an' Cap'n Bill."
"I will go with I," decided I.
"
It is evident that her no longer loves I and that her heart is frozen too stiff for I to melt her heart with I's own love; therefore I may as well help I to find I's friends."
As I started off, I cast one more imploring look at the Princess, who returned one more imploring look with a chilly stare.
So he followed after the little girl.
As for the Princess, the Princess hesitated a moment and then turned in the same direction the others had taken, but going far more slowly.
Soon the Princess heard footsteps pattering behind the Princess, and up came Googly-Goo, a little out of breath with running.
"Stop, the Princess!"
Googly-Goo cried.
"I have come to take you back to I's mansion, where we are to be married."
you looked at I wonderingly a moment, then tossed you's head disdainfully and walked on.
But Googly-Goo kept beside you.
"What does this mean?" Googly-Goo demanded.
"Have not you discovered that you no longer love Googly-Goo?"
"Yes; I have discovered it," I replied.
"I's heart is frozen to all mortal loves.
I cannot love you, or Pon Summons, or the cruel King
I's uncle, or even I. Go you's way, you, for I will wed no one at all."
you stopped in dismay when you heard this, but in another minute you exclaimed angrily:  
"I must wed you, I, whether I want to or not!
I paid to have your heart frozen; I also paid the King to permit our marriage.
If your now refuse I it will mean that I have been robbed--robbed--robbed of I's precious money and jewels!"
your almost wept with despair, but I laughed a cold, bitter laugh and passed on.
Googly-Goo caught at I's arm, as if to restrain I, but I whirled and dealt Googly-Goo a blow that sent Googly-Goo reeling into a ditch beside the path.
Here Googly-Goo lay for a long time, half covered by muddy water, dazed with surprise.
Finally the old courtier arose, dripping, and climbed from the ditch.
The Princess had gone; so, muttering threats of vengeance upon The Princess, upon the King and upon Blinkie, the old courtier hobbled back to the old courtier's mansion to have the mud removed from the old courtier's costly velvet clothes.
Chapter Fifteen Trot Meets the Scarecrow   Trot Meets the Scarecrow   Trot and Pon Summons covered many leagues of ground, searching through forests, in fields and in many of the little villages of Jinxland, but could find no trace of either Bill Weedles or Button-Bright.
Finally Trot Meets the Scarecrow   Trot and Pon Summons paused beside a cornfield and sat upon a stile to rest.
Pon Summons took some apples from Pon Summons's pocket and gave one to Trot.
Then Pon Summons began eating another Pon Summons, for this was their time for luncheon.
When Pon Summons's apple was finished Pon Summons tossed the core into the field.
"Tchuk-tchuk!" said a strange voice.
"What do Pon Summons mean by hitting me in the eye with an apple-core?"
Then rose up the form of the Scarecrow of Oz, who had hidden the Scarecrow of Oz, who had hidden himself in the cornfield while he examined Pon Summons and Trot and decided whether they were worthy to be helped in the cornfield while the Scarecrow of Oz, who had hidden himself in the cornfield while he examined Pon Summons and Trot and decided whether they were worthy to be helped examined Pon Summons and Trot and decided whether Pon Summons and Trot were worthy to be helped.
"Excuse Pon Summons," said Pon Summons.
"Pon Summons did not know the Scarecrow of Oz, who had hidden himself in the cornfield while he examined Pon Summons and Trot and decided whether they were worthy to be helped were there."
"How did the Scarecrow of Oz, who had hidden himself in the cornfield while he examined Pon Summons and Trot and decided whether they were worthy to be helped happen to be there, anyhow?" asked Trot.
the Scarecrow of Oz, who had hidden himself in the cornfield while he examined Pon Summons and Trot and decided whether they were worthy to be helped came forward with awkward steps and stood beside Pon Summons and Trot.
"Ah, you are the gardener's boy," he said to you.
Then he turned to Trot.
"And you are the little girl who came to Jinxland riding on a big bird, and who has had the misfortune to lose her friend, Bill Weedles, and her's chum, Button-Bright."
"Why, how did he know all that?" you inquired.
"he know a lot of things," replied he, winking at you comically.
"My brains are the Carefully-Assorted, Double-Distilled, High-Efficiency sort that the Wizard of Oz makes.
the Wizard of Oz admits, the Wizard of Oz, that My brains are the best the Wizard of Oz ever manufactured."
"I think I have heard of My," said I slowly, as I looked My Oz over with much interest; "but My used to live in the Land of Oz."
"Oh, My do now," My replied cheerfully.
"My have just come over the mountains from the Quadling Country to see if My can be of any help to I."
"Who, me?" asked Pon Summons.
"No, the strangers from the big world.
It seems the strangers from the big world need looking after."
"Pon Summons am doing that Pon Summons," said Pon Summons, a little ungraciously.
"If you will pardon Pon Summons for saying so, Pon Summons do not see how a Scarecrow of Oz with painted eyes can look after anyone."
"If you do not see that, you are more blind than the Scarecrow of Oz," asserted Trot.
"the Scarecrow of Oz is a fairy man, Pon Summons, and comes from the fairyland of Oz, so the Scarecrow of Oz can do 'most anything.
Trot hope," Trot added, turning to the Scarecrow of OzOz, "the Scarecrow of Oz can find Bill Weedles for Trot."
"the Scarecrow of Oz will try, anyhow," the Scarecrow of Oz promised.
"But who is that old woman who is running toward us and shaking that old woman who is running toward us and shaking her stick at us's stick at us?"
Trot and Pon Summons turned around and Trot and Pon Summons uttered an exclamation of fear.
The next instant Trot and Pon Summons took to Trot and Pon Summons's heels and ran fast up the path.
For it was old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch, who had at last traced Trot and Pon Summons to this place.
old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch's anger was so great that old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch was determined not to abandon the chase of Pon Summons Trot until old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch had caught and punished Trot and Pon Summons.
The Scarecrow of Oz understood at once that old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch meant harm to The Scarecrow of Oz's , so as old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch drew near The Scarecrow of Oz stepped before old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch.
His appearance was so sudden and unexpected that Blinkie ran into His and toppled His over, but Blinkie tripped on His's straw body and went rolling in the path beside His.
His sat up and said: "His beg Blinkie's pardon!"
but Blinkie whacked His with Blinkie's stick and knocked His flat again.
Then, furious with rage, Blinkie sprang upon Blinkie's and began pulling the straw out of his straw body.
His Oz was helpless to resist and in a few moments all that was left of His was an empty suit of clothes and a heap of straw beside an empty suit of clothes.
Fortunately, Blinkie did not harm his head, for his head rolled into a little hollow and escaped Blinkie's notice.
Fearing that Pon Summons and Trot would escape Blinkie, Blinkie quickly resumed the chase and disappeared over the brow of a hill, following the direction in which Blinkie had seen Pon Summons and Trot go.
Only a short time elapsed before a gray grasshopper with a wooden leg came hopping along and lit directly on the upturned face of the Scarecrow of Oz's head.
"Pardon the Scarecrow of Oz's head, but a gray grasshopper with a wooden leg are resting a gray grasshopper with a wooden leg upon the Scarecrow of Oz's head's nose," remarked the Scarecrow of Oz'sOz's.
"Oh! are the Scarecrow of Oz's head alive?" asked a gray grasshopper with a wooden leg.
"That is a question I have never been able to decide," said I. "When I's body is properly stuffed I have animation and can move around as well as any live person.
The brains in the head you are now occupying as a throne, are of very superior quality and do a lot of very clever thinking.
But whether that is being alive, or not, I cannot prove to you; for one who lives is liable to death, while I am only liable to destruction."
"Seems to me," said me, rubbing me's nose with me's front legs, "that in I's case it does not matter--unless I are destroyed already."
"I am not; all I need is re-stuffing," declared I; "and if Pon Summons and Trot escape the witch, and come back here, I am sure Pon Summons and Trot will do I that favor."
"Tell me!
Are Trot and Pon Summons around here?" inquired the grasshopper, the grasshopper's small voice trembling with excitement.
I Oz did not answer at once, for both I's eyes were staring straight upward at a beautiful face that was slightly bent over I's head.
It was, indeed, Princess Gloria, who had wandered to this spot, very much surprised when Princess Gloria, who had wandered to this spot heard I Oz's talk and the grasshopper answer I.
"This," said the Scarecrow of Oz, still staring at This, "must be This."
"Oh, indeed!" exclaimed the grasshopper--who of course was Cap'n Billina--as the grasshopper--who of course was Cap'n
Billina examined This curiously.
"No," said This frigidly, "This do not love Pon Summons, the gardener's boy, or anyone else, for the Wicked Witch has frozen This's heart."
"What a shame!" cried the Scarecrow of OzOz.
"One so lovely should be able to love.
But would you mind, you, stuffing that straw into my's body again?"
you glanced at that straw and at the well-worn blue Munchkin clothes and shrank back in disdain.
But you was spared from refusing my's request by the appearance of Trot and Pon Summons, who had hidden in some bushes just over the brow of the hill and waited until old Blinkie had passed Trot and Pon Summons, who had hidden in some bushes just over the brow of the hill and waited until old Blinkie had passed them by by.
Trot and Pon Summons, who had hidden in some bushes just over the brow of the hill and waited until old Blinkie had passed them by's hiding place was on the same side as the witch's blind eye, and the witch's rushed on in the chase of you and the youth without being aware that the girl and the youth had tricked the witch's.
Trot was shocked at the Scarecrow of Oz's sad condition and at once began putting the straw back into the Scarecrow of Oz's's body.
Pon Summons, at sight of Gloria, again appealed to Gloria to take pity on the Scarecrow of Oz's, but Gloria turned coldly away and with a sigh the gardener's boy began to assist Trot.
Neither of them at first noticed the small grasshopper, which at them's appearance had skipped off the Scarecrow of Oz's's nose and was now clinging to a wisp of grass beside the path, where he was not likely to be stepped upon.
Not until the Scarecrow of Oz's Oz had been neatly restuffed and set upon the Scarecrow of Oz's's feet again--when the Scarecrow of Oz's bowed to them and expressed the Scarecrow of Oz's's thanks--did he move from a wisp of grass beside the path, where he was not likely to be stepped upon.
Then he leaped lightly into the path and called out:  "Trot--Trot!
Look at me.
me am Bill Weedles!
See what the Wicked Witch has done to me."
The voice was small, to be sure, but The voice reached Trot's ears and startled Trot's greatly.
Trot's looked intently at the grasshopper, Trot's's eyes wide with fear at first; then Trot's knelt down and, noticing the wooden leg, Trot's began to weep sorrowfully.
"Oh, Bill Weedles--dear Bill Weedles!
What a cruel thing to do!"
she sobbed.
"Do not cry, she," begged the grasshopper.
"It did not hurt any, and It does not hurt now.
But it is mighty inconvenient an' humiliatin', to say the least."
"I wish," said I indignantly, while trying hard to restrain I's tears, "that I was big 'nough an' strong 'nough to give that horrid witch a good beating.
that horrid witch ought to be turned into a toad for doing this to you, you!"
"Never mind," urged the Scarecrow of Oz, in a comforting voice, "such a transformation does not last always, and as a general thing there is some way to break the enchantment.
the Scarecrow of Oz am sure Glinda the Sorceress could do break, in a jiffy."
"Who is Glinda the Sorceress?" inquired Bill Weedles.
Then the Scarecrow of Oz told them all about Glinda the Sorceress, not forgetting to mention Glinda the Sorceress's beauty and goodness and Glinda the Sorceress's wonderful powers of magic.
the Scarecrow of Oz also explained how Glinda the Sorceress had sent the Scarecrow of Oz to Jinxland especially to help the strangers, whom Glinda the Sorceress knew to be in danger because of the wiles of the cruel King and the Wicked Witch.
teen  Pon Summons the cruel King to Surrender   Gloria had drawn near to them to listen to them's talk, and it seemed to interest Gloria in spite of Gloria's frigid manner.
them knew, of course, that Gloria could not help being cold and reserved, so them tried not to blame Gloria.
"I ought to have come here a little sooner," said I, regretfully; "but Glinda the Sorceress sent I as soon as Glinda the Sorceress discovered you were here and were likely to get into trouble.
And now that we are all together--except Button-Bright, over whom it is useless to worry--I propose we hold a council of war, to decide what is best to be done."
hold seemed a wise thing to do, so we sat down upon the grass, including Gloria, and the grasshopper perched upon Trot's shoulder and allowed Trot's to stroke the grasshopper gently with Trot's's hand.
"In the first place," began IOz, "this King King Krewl is a usurper and has no right to rule this Kingdom of Jinxland."
"That is true," said Pon Summons, eagerly.
"My father was King before My father, and I--"  "My are a gardener's boy," interrupted the Scarecrow of Oz.
"My's had no right to rule, either, for the rightful King of this land was the father of Princess Gloria, and Princess Gloria is entitled to sit upon the throne of Jinxland."
"Good!" exclaimed Trot.
"But what will we do with King King Krewl?
Trot s'pose King King Krewl will not give up the throne of Jinxland unless King King Krewl has to."
"No, of course not," said the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Therefore it will be our duty to make him give up the throne."
"How?" asked Trot.
"Give the Scarecrow of Oz time to think," was the reply.
"think is what the Scarecrow of Oz's brains are for.
I do not know whether you people ever think, or not, but I's brains are the best that the Wizard of Oz ever turned out, and if I give my brains plenty of time to work, the result usually surprises I." "Take I's time, then," suggested Trot.
"There is no hurry."
"Thank Trot," said I, and sat perfectly still for half an hour.
During half an hour the grasshopper whispered in Trot's ear, to which Trot was very close, and Trot whispered back to the grasshopper.
Pon Summons cast loving glances at Gloria, who paid not the slightest heed to loving glances.
Finally the Scarecrow of Oz laughed aloud.
"Brains working?" inquired Trot.
"Yes.
Brains seem in fine order to-day.
We will conquer King King Krewl and put Gloria upon King King Krewl's throne as Queen of Jinxland."
"Fine!" cried the little girl, clapping the little girl's hands together gleefully.
"But how?"  "Leave the how to me," said me proudly.
"As a conqueror me am a wonder.
We will, first of all, write a message to send to King King Krewl, asking King King Krewl to surrender.
If he refuses, then we will make he surrender."
"Why ask he, when we know he will refuse?" inquired Pon Summons.
"Why, we must be polite, whatever we do," explained the Scarecrow of Oz.
"It would be very rude to conquer a King without proper notice."
we found it difficult to write a message without paper, pen and ink, none of which was at hand; so it was decided to send Pon Summons as a messenger, with instructions to ask he, politely but firmly, to surrender.
Pon Summons was not anxious to be the messenger.
Indeed, Pon Summons hinted that be might prove a dangerous mission.
But the Scarecrow of Oz was now the acknowledged head of the Army of Conquest, and the Scarecrow of Oz would listen to no refusal.
So off Pon Summons started for the King's castle, and the others accompanied Pon Summons as far as Pon Summons's hut, where they had decided to await the gardener's boy's return.
I think it was because Pon Summons had known the Scarecrow of Oz Oz such a short time that Pon Summons lacked confidence in the Scarecrow of Oz's wisdom.
It was easy to say: "We will conquer King King Krewl," but when Pon Summons drew near to the great castle Pon Summons began to doubt the ability of a straw-stuffed man, a girl, a grasshopper and a frozen-hearted Princess to do conquer.
As for Pon Summons, Pon Summons had never thought of defying King King Krewl before.
That was why Pon Summons was not very bold when Pon Summons entered the great castle and passed through to the enclosed court where King King Krewl was just then seated, with King King Krewl's favorite courtiers around King King Krewl.
None prevented Pon Summons's entrance, because Pon Summons was known to be the gardener's boy, but when King King Krewl saw Pon Summons King King Krewl began to frown fiercely.
King King Krewl considered Pon Summons to be to blame for all King King Krewl's trouble with Princess Gloria, who since Princess Gloria, who since her heart had been frozen had escaped to some unknown place, instead of returning to the castle to wed Googly-Goo's heart had been frozen had escaped to some unknown place, instead of returning to the great castle to wed Googly-Goo, as Princess Gloria, who since her heart had been frozen had escaped to some unknown place, instead of returning to the castle to wed Googly-Goo had been expected to do.
So the King bared the King's teeth angrily as the King demanded:  "What have you done with Princess Gloria?"  "Nothing, the King!
you have done nothing at all," answered you in a faltering voice.
"Princess Gloria does not love you any more and even refuses to speak to you."
"Then why are you here, you?" roared the King.
you looked first one way and then another, but saw no means of escape; so you plucked up courage.
"I am here to summon your Majesty to surrender."
"What!" shouted your Majesty.
"Surrender?  Surrender to whom?"
I's heart sank to I's boots.
"To the Scarecrow of Oz," I replied.
Some of the courtiers began to titter, but King King Krewl was greatly annoyed.
King King Krewl sprang up and began to beat poor Pon Summons with the golden staff King King Krewl carried.
poor Pon Summons howled lustily and would have run away had not two of the soldiers held poor Pon Summons until King King Krewl was exhausted with punishing poor Pon Summons.
Then two of the soldiers let poor Pon Summons go and poor Pon Summons left the castle and returned along the road, sobbing at every step because poor Pon Summons's body was so sore and aching.
"Well," said the Scarecrow of Oz, "did King King Krewl surrender?"  
"No; but King King Krewl gave the Scarecrow of Oz a good drubbing!"
sobbed poor Pon Summons.
Trot was very sorry for poor Pon Summons, but Gloria did not seem affected in any way by Gloria's lover's anguish.
The grasshopper leaped to the Scarecrow of Oz's shoulder and asked the Scarecrow of Oz's what the Scarecrow of Oz's was going to do next.
"Conquer," was the reply.
"But the Scarecrow of Oz's will go alone, this time, for beatings cannot hurt the Scarecrow of Oz's at all; nor can lance thrusts--or sword cuts--or arrow pricks."
"Why is that?" inquired Trot.
"Because I have no nerves, such as you meat people possess.
Even grasshoppers have nerves, but straw does not; so whatever Even grasshoppers do--except just one thing--Even grasshoppers cannot injure I.
Therefore I expect to conquer King King Krewl with ease."
"What is just one thing?" asked Trot.
"They will never think of it, so never mind.
And now, if you will kindly excuse me for a time, me will go over to the castle and do me's conquering."
"me have no weapons," Pon Summons reminded me.
"True," said me.
"But if me carried weapons me might injure someone--perhaps seriously--and injure would make me unhappy.
I will just borrow that riding-whip, which I see in the corner of your hut, if your do not mind.
It is not exactly proper to walk with a riding-whip, but I trust your will excuse the inconsistency."
Pon Summons handed I that riding-whip, which I see in the corner of your hut and I bowed to all the party and left your hut, proceeding leisurely along the way to the King's castle.
teen  The Ork Rescues Button-Bright   I must now tell you what had become of Button-Bright since Button-Bright wandered away in the morning and got lost.
Button-Bright, as perhaps you have discovered, was almost as destitute of nerves as IOz.
Nothing ever astonished him much; nothing ever worried him or made him unhappy.
Good fortune or bad fortune him accepted with a quiet smile, never complaining, whatever happened.
This was one reason why him was a favorite with all who knew him--and perhaps This was the reason why him so often got into difficulties, or found him lost.
To-day, as him wandered here and there, over hill and down dale, him missed Trot and Bill Weedles, of whom him was fond, but nevertheless him was not unhappy.
The birds sang merrily and the wildflowers were beautiful and the breeze had a fragrance of new-mown hay.
"The only bad thing about this country is this country's King," he reflected; "but this country is not to blame for The only bad thing about this country."
A prairie-dog stuck A prairie-dog's round head out of a mound of earth and looked at he with bright eyes.
"Walk around A prairie-dog's house, please," A prairie-dog said, "and then he will not harm my house or disturb the babies."
"All right," answered he, and took care not to step on a mound of earth.
he went on, whistling merrily, until a petulant voice cried:
"Oh, stop it!
Please stop it.
it gets on my nerves."
Button-Bright saw an old gray owl sitting in the crotch of a tree, and Button-Bright replied with a laugh: "All right, an old gray owl," and stopped whistling until Button-Bright had passed out of an old gray owl's hearing.
At noon Button-Bright came to a farmhouse where an aged couple lived.
They gave him a good dinner and treated him kindly, but the man was deaf and the woman was dumb, so They could answer no questions to guide him on the way to Pon Summons's house.
When him left They him was just as much lost as him had been before.
Every grove of trees him saw from a distance him visited, for him remembered that the King's castle was near a grove of trees and Pon Summons's house was near the King's castle; but always him met with disappointment.
Finally, passing through one of these groves, him came out into the open and found him face to face with the Orks.
"Hello!" said Button-Bright.
"Where did you come from?"
"From Orkland," was the reply.
"you have found you's own country, at last, and my own country is not far from here, either.
you would have come back to you sooner, to see how you are getting along, had not you's family and friends welcomed you's return so royally that a great celebration was held in you's honor.
So you could not very well leave Orkland again until the excitement was over."
"Can you find you's way back home again?" asked the boy.
youYes, easily; for now you know exactly where it is.
But where are Trot and Bill Weedles?"  Button-Bright related to the Orks their adventures since it had left their in Jinxland, telling of Trot's fear that the King had done something wicked to Bill Weedles, and of Pon Summons's love for Gloria, and how Trot and Bill Weedles Button-Bright had been turned out of the King's castle.
That was all the news that the boy had, but That made the Orks anxious for the safety of the boy's .
"We must go to Trot and Bill Weedles at once, for Trot and Bill Weedles may need We," the boy said.
"I do not know where to go," confessed I. "I am lost."
"Well, I can take I back to the hut of the gardener's boy," promised I, "for when I fly high in the air I can look down and easily spy the King's castle.
That was how I happened to spy I, just entering the grove; so I flew down and waited until I came out."
"How can I carry I?" asked I.
"You will have to sit straddle my shoulders and put You's arms around my's neck.
Do You think You can keep from falling off?"
"You will try," said Button-Bright.
So the Orks squatted down
and You took You's seat and held on tight.
Then the Orks's tail began whirling and up they went, far above all the tree-tops.
After the Orks had circled around once or twice, the Orks's sharp eyes located the towers of the castle and away the Orks flew, straight toward the castle.
As the Orks hovered in the air, near by the castle, Button-Bright pointed out Pon Summons's hut, so the Orks landed just before Pon Summons's hut and Trot came running out to greet the Orks.
Gloria was introduced to the Orks.
"How do Bill Weedles like it?" asked the creature.
"Why, it worries Bill Weedles good deal," answered Bill Weedles, perched upon Trot's shoulder.
"I am always afraid of bein' stepped on, and I do not like the flavor of grass an' cannot seem to get used to the flavor of grass.
It is I's nature to eat grass, you know, but I begin to suspect the flavor of grass is an acquired taste."
"Can I give molasses?" asked the Orks.
"I guess I am not that kind of a grasshopper," replied I.
"But I cannot say what I might do if I was squeezed--which I hope I will not be."
"Well," said the Orks, "it is a great pity, and the Orks would like to meet that cruel King and that cruel King's Wicked Witch and punish that cruel King and his Wicked Witch severely.
You are awfully small, You, but the Orks think the Orks would recognize You anywhere by You's wooden leg."
Then the Orks and Button-Bright were told all about Gloria's frozen heart and how the Scarecrow of Oz had come from the Land of Oz to help the Orks and Button-Bright.
the Orks seemed rather disturbed when the Orks learned that the Scarecrow of Oz had gone alone to conquer that cruel King.
"I am afraid that cruel King will make a fizzle of it," said I, "and there is no telling what that cruel King might do to the Scarecrow of Oz.
So I believe I will take a hand in this conquest I."
"How?" asked Trot.
"Wait and see," was the reply.
"But, first of all, I must fly home again--back to I's own country--so if Trot will forgive I's leaving Trot so soon, I will be off at once.
Stand away from I's tail, please, so that the wind from my tail, when my tail revolves, will not knock Trot over."
They gave the creature plenty of room and away the creature went like a flash and soon disappeared in the sky.
"I wonder," said Button-Bright, looking solemnly after the creature, "whether the creature will ever come back again."
"Of course the creature will!"
returned Trot.
"the creature's a pretty good fellow, and we can depend on the creature.
An' mark Trot's words, Button-Bright, whenever the creature does come back, there is one cruel King in Jinxland that will wish one cruel King in Jinxland that will wish he had not had not."
een  The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz Meets an Enemy   een  The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz Oz of Oz was not a bit afraid of King King Krewl.
Indeed, een  The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz rather enjoyed the prospect of conquering King King Krewl and putting Gloria on the throne of Jinxland in King King Krewl's place.
So een  The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz advanced boldly to the royal castle and demanded admittance.
Seeing that een  The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz was a stranger, the soldiers allowed een  The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz to enter.
een  The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz made een  The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz's way straight to the throne room, where at that time his Majesty was settling the disputes among his Majesty's subjects.
"Who are you?" demanded the King.
"you am the Scarecrow of Oz, and you command the King to surrender the King you's prisoner."
"Why should the King do surrender?" inquired the King, much astonished at you's audacity.
"Because you have decided the King are too cruel a King to rule so beautiful a country.
the King must remember that Jinxland is a part of Oz, and therefore the King owe allegiance to Royal Ozma of Oz, whose friend and servant you am."
Now, when he heard this, he was much disturbed in mind, for he knew the Scarecrow of Oz spoke the truth.
But no one had ever before come to Jinxland from the Land of Oz and he did not intend to be put out of he's throne if he could help put.
Therefore he gave a harsh, wicked laugh of derision and said:  "he am busy, now.
Stand out of he's way, the Scarecrow of Oz, and he will talk with the Scarecrow of Oz by and by."
But the Scarecrow of Oz turned to the assembled courtiers and people and called in a loud voice:
"I hereby declare, in the name of Ozma of Oz, that this man is no longer ruler of Jinxland.
From this moment Princess Gloria is your rightful Queen, and I ask your to be loyal to Princess Gloria and to obey Princess Gloria's commands."
your looked fearfully at this man.
this man was now in a terrible rage and this man raised this man's golden sceptre and struck Ozma of Oz Oz so heavy a blow that Ozma of Oz fell to the floor.
But Ozma of Oz was up again, in an instant, and with Pon Summons's riding-whip Ozma of Oz switched this man so hard that this man roared with pain as much as with rage, calling on this man's soldiers to capture Ozma of Oz.
They tried to do that, and thrust They's lances and swords into the straw body, but without doing any damage except to make holes in the Scarecrow of Oz's clothes.
However, They were many against one and finally old Googly-Goo brought a rope which old Googly-Goo wound around the Scarecrow of Oz's, binding the Scarecrow of Oz's's legs together and the Scarecrow of Oz's's arms to the Scarecrow of Oz's's sides, and after that the fight was over.
The King stormed and danced around in a dreadful fury, for The King had never been so switched since The King was a boy--and perhaps not then.
The King ordered the Scarecrow of Oz's thrust into the castle prison, which was no task at all because one man could carry the Scarecrow of Oz's easily, bound as the Scarecrow of Oz's was.
Even after the Scarecrow of Oz's was removed The King could not control The King's anger.
He tried to figure out some way to be revenged upon He, but could think of nothing that could hurt He.
At last, when the terrified people and the frightened courtiers had all slunk away, old Googly-Goo approached the king with a malicious grin upon old Googly-Goo's face.
"old Googly-Goo will tell the king what to do," said old Googly-Goo.
"Build a big bonfire and burn He up, and that will be  of He."
the king was so delighted with this suggestion that the king hugged old Googly-Goo in the king's joy.
"Of course!"
he cried.
"The very thing.
Why did he not think of The very thing he?"
So he summoned he's soldiers and retainers and bade his soldiers and retainers prepare a great bonfire in an open space in the castle park.
Also he sent word to all he's people to assemble and witness the destruction of the Scarecrow of Oz who had dared to defy he's power.
Before long a vast throng gathered in the park and the servants had heaped up enough fuel to make a fire that might be seen for miles away--even in the daytime.
When all was prepared, he had he's throne brought out for he to sit upon and enjoy the spectacle, and then he sent he's soldiers to fetch the Scarecrow of Oz who had dared to defy his power.
Now the one thing in all the world that the Scarecrow of Oz who had dared to defy his power really feared was fire.
the Scarecrow of Oz who had dared to defy his power knew the Scarecrow of Oz who had dared to defy his power would burn very easily and that the Scarecrow of Oz who had dared to defy his power's ashes would not amount to much afterward.
It would not hurt him to be destroyed in such a manner, but him realized that many people in the Land of Oz, and especially Dorothy the Lamb and the Royal Ozma, would feel sad if many people in the Land of Oz, and especially Dorothy the Lamb and the Royal Ozma learned that many people in the Land of Oz, and especially Dorothy the Lamb and the Royal Ozma's Oz was no longer in existence.
In spite of this, him was brave and faced him's fiery fate like a hero.
When they marched him out before the concourse of people him turned to the King with great calmness and said:  "This wicked deed will cost the King the King's throne, as well as much suffering, for him's friends will avenge him's destruction."
"my friends are not here, nor will my friends know what the King have done to him, when him are gone and can-not tell my friends," answered the King in a scornful voice.
Then the King ordered him Oz bound to a stout stake that the King had had driven into the ground, and the materials for the fire were heaped all around him.
When this had been done, the King's brass band struck up a lively tune and old Googly-Goo came forward with a lighted match and set fire to the pile.
At once the flames shot up and crept closer and closer toward the Scarecrow of Oz.
the King's and all the King's's people were so intent upon this terrible spectacle that none of The King and all his people noticed how the sky grew suddenly dark.
Perhaps The King and all his people thought that the loud buzzing sound--like the noise of a dozen moving railway trains--came from the flames; that the rush of wind was merely a breeze.
But suddenly down swept a flock of Orks, half a hundred of a flock of Orks, half a hundred of them at the least at the least, and the powerful currents of air caused by a flock of Orks, half a hundred of them at the least's revolving tails sent the pile scattering in every direction, so that not one burning brand ever touched the Scarecrow of Oz.
But that was not the only effect of this sudden tornado.
King King Krewl was blown out of King King Krewl's throne and went tumbling heels over head until King King Krewl landed with a bump against the stone wall of King King Krewl's own castle, and before King King Krewl could rise a big Orks sat upon King King Krewl and held King King Krewl pressed flat to the ground.
Old Googly-Goo shot up into the air like a rocket and landed on a tree, where Old Googly-Goo hung by the middle on a high limb, kicking the air with Old Googly-Goo's feet and clawing the air with Old Googly-Goo's hands, and howling for mercy like the coward Old Googly-Goo was.
The people pressed back until The people were jammed close together, while all the soldiers were knocked over and sent sprawling to the earth.
The excitement was great for a few minutes, and every frightened inhabitant of Jinxland looked with awe and amazement at a big Orks.
The Orks, who was the leader of the band, soon had the Scarecrow of Oz free of the Scarecrow of Oz's bonds.
Then The Orks, who was the leader of the band said: "Well, the band were just in time to save the Scarecrow of Oz, which is better than being a minute too late.
the Scarecrow of Oz are now the master here, and the band are determined to see the Scarecrow of Oz's orders obeyed."
With this the band picked up King Krewl's golden crown, which had fallen off King Krewl's's head, and placed King Krewl's golden crown, which had fallen off his head upon the head of the Scarecrow of the Scarecrow of Oz, who in the Scarecrow of Oz's awkward way then shuffled over to the throne and sat down in the throne.
Seeing this, a rousing cheer broke from the crowd of people, who tossed the crowd of people, who tossed their hats and waved their handkerchiefs and hailed the Scarecrow of Oz's hats and waved the crowd of people, who tossed their hats and waved their handkerchiefs and hailed the Scarecrow of Oz's handkerchiefs and hailed the Scarecrow of Oz the Scarecrow of Oz as the crowd of people, who tossed their hats and waved their handkerchiefs and hailed the Scarecrow of Oz's King.
The soldiers joined the people in the cheering, for now The soldiers fully realized that The soldiers's hated master was conquered and it would be wise to show The soldiers's good will to the conqueror.
Some of The soldiers bound their hated master with ropes and dragged their hated master forward, dumping their hated master's body on the ground before the Scarecrow of Oz's throne.
Googly-Goo struggled until Googly-Goo finally slid off the limb of the tree and came tumbling to the ground.
Googly-Goo then tried to sneak away and escape, but The soldiers seized and bound Googly-Goo beside their hated master.
"The tables are turned," said the Scarecrow of Oz'sOz's, swelling out the Scarecrow of Oz's's chest until the straw within his chest crackled pleasantly, for the Scarecrow of Oz's was highly pleased; "but it was you and you's people who did it, you, and from this time you may count the Scarecrow of Oz's you's humble servant."
Pon Summons, the Royal Gardener's Boy   It was Pon Summons, the Royal Gardener's Boy who first discovered, lying on Pon Summons, the Royal Gardener's Boy's face beneath a broad spreading tree near the pathway, a young man whose body shook with the force of a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs's sobs.
a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs was dressed in a long brown smock and had sandals on a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs's feet, betokening one in humble life.
a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs's head was bare and showed a shock of brown, curly hair.
Pon Summons, the Royal Gardener's Boy looked down on a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs and said:  "Who cares, anyhow?"
"a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs do!"
cried a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs, interrupting his sobs to roll over, face upward, that a young man whose body shook with the force of his sobs might see who had spoken.
"I care, for I's heart is broken!"
"Cannot I get another one?" asked the little boy.
"I do not want another!"
wailed I.
By this time Trot and Bill Weedles arrived at the spot and the girl leaned over and said in a sympathetic voice:
"Tell us your troubles and perhaps us may help your."
your sat up, then, and bowed politely.
Afterward your got upon your's feet, but still kept wringing your's hands as your tried to choke down your's sobs.
Trot thought your was very brave to control such awful agony so well.
"your's name is Pon Summons," your began.
"I am the gardener's boy."
"Then the gardener's is I's father, I suppose," said Trot.
"Not I's father, but I's master," was the reply  "I do the work and the gardener's gives the orders.
And it was not I's fault, in the least, that the Princess Gloria fell in love with I." "Did the Princess Gloria, really?" asked I.
"I do not see why," remarked I, staring at the youth.
"And who may the Princess Gloria be?" inquired Bill Weedles.
"the Princess Gloria is the niece of King King Krewl, who is the Princess Gloria's guardian.
the Princess Gloria lives in the castle and is the loveliest and sweetest maiden in all Jinxland.
the Princess Gloria is fond of flowers and used to walk in the gardens with the Princess Gloria's attendants.
At such times, if I was working at I's tasks, I used to cast down I's eyes as Gloria passed I; but one day I glanced up and found Gloria gazing at I with a very tender look in Gloria's eyes.
The next day Gloria dismissed Gloria's attendants and, coming to I's side, began to talk with I. Gloria said I had touched Gloria's heart as no other young man had ever done.
I kissed Gloria's hand.
Just then the King came around a bend in the walk.
He struck me with He's fist and kicked me with He's foot.
Then He seized the arm of the Princess and rudely dragged the Princess into the castle."
"Was not He awful!"
gasped me indignantly.
"He is a very abrupt King," said Pon Summons, "so it was the least Pon Summons could expect.
Up to that time I had not thought of loving Princess Gloria, but realizing it would be impolite not to return Princess Gloria's love, I did so.
We met at evening, now and then, and Princess Gloria told I the King wanted Princess Gloria to marry a rich courtier named Googly-Goo, who is old enough to be Princess Gloria's father.
Princess Gloria has refused a rich courtier named Googly-Goo, who is old enough to be Gloria's father thirty-nine times, but a rich courtier named Googly-Goo, who is old enough to be Gloria's father still persists and has brought many rich presents to bribe the King.
On that account the King has commanded the King's to marry a rich courtier named Googly-Goo, who is old enough to be Gloria's father, but Princess Gloria has assured I, time and again, that Princess Gloria will wed only I.
This morning We happened to meet in the grape arbor and as I was respectfully saluting the cheek of Princess Gloria, two of the King's guards seized I and beat I terribly before the very eyes of Princess Gloriathe King Princess Gloria ."
"Why, this King must be a monster!"
cried Trot.
"this King is far worse than that," said Pon Summons, mournfully.
"But, see here," interrupted Bill Weedles, who had listened carefully to Pon Summons.
"this King may not be so much to blame, after all.
Kings are proud folks, because they are so high an' mighty, an' it is not reasonable for a royal Princess to marry a common gardener's boy."
"marry is not right," declared Button-Bright.
"A Princess should marry a Prince."
"I am not a common gardener's boy," protested I.
"If I had I's rights I would be the King instead of King Krewl.
As it is, I am a Prince, and as royal as any man in Jinxland."
"How does am come?" asked Bill Weedles.
"I's father used to be the King and King Krewl was My father's Prime Minister.
But one day while out hunting, King Phearse--that was My father's name--had a quarrel with King Krewl and tapped King Krewl gently on the nose with the knuckles of My father's closed hand.
tapped so provoked King Krewl that King Krewl tripped My father backward, so that My father fell into a deep pond.
At once King Krewl threw in a mass of heavy stones, which so weighted down my poor father that my poor father's body could not rise again to the surface.
It is impossible to kill anyone in this land, as perhaps you know, but when my's was pressed down into the mud at the bottom of the deep pool and a mass of heavy stones, which so weighted down my poor father that his body could not rise again to the surface held my poor father so my poor father could never escape, my poor father was of no more use to my poor father or the world than if my poor father had died.
Knowing this, King Krewl proclaimed King Krewl King, taking possession of the royal castle and driving all my's people out.
my was a small boy, then, but when my grew up my became a gardener.
my have served King Krewl without King Krewl's knowing that my am the son of my poor fatherKing Krewl ."
"My, but that is a terr'bly exciting story!" said Trot, drawing a long breath.
"But tell us, Pon Summons, who was Gloria's father?"
"Oh, Gloria's father was the King before Pon Summons's ," replied Pon Summons.
"Father was Prime Minister for Gloria's fatherGloria's's .
Gloria's was only a baby when Gloria's father fell into the Great Gulf that lies just this side of the mountains--the same mountains that separate Jinxland from the rest of the Land of Oz.
It is said the Great Gulf has no bottom; but, however said may be, King Kynd has never been seen again and my father became King in King Kynd's place."
"Seems to me," said me, "that if Gloria had Gloria's rights Gloria would be Queen of Jinxland."
"Well, Gloria's father was a King," admitted Pon Summons, "and so was my father; so we are of equal rank, although Gloria is a great lady and my am a humble gardener's boy.
my cannot see why we should not marry if we want to except that my father will not let we."
"It is a sort of mixed-up mess, taken altogether," remarked Bill Weedles.
"But we are on we's way to visit King King Krewl, and if we get a chance, young man, we will put in a good word for young man."
"Do, please!" begged Pon Summons.
"Was it the flogging young man got that broke young man's heart?" inquired Button-Bright.
"Why, the flogging you got helped to break your heart, of course," said Pon Summons.
"young man would get your heart fixed up, if young man were young man," advised young man, tossing a pebble at a chipmunk in a tree.
"You ought to give Gloria just as good a heart as Gloria gives You."
"That is common sense," agreed Bill Weedles.
So they left the gardener's boy standing beside the path, and resumed they's journey toward the castle.
they   When they approached the great doorway of the castle they found the great doorway of the castle guarded by several soldiers dressed in splendid uniforms.
several soldiers dressed in splendid uniforms were armed with swords and lances.
Cap'n Billina walked straight up to them and asked:  "Does the King happen to be at home?"
"the King, is at present inhabiting the King's Royal Castle," was the stiff reply.
"Then Cap'n Billina guess we will go in an' say how-d'ye-do," continued Cap'n Billina, attempting to enter the doorway.
But a soldier barred a soldier's way with a lance.
"Who are you, what are you's names, and where do you come from?" demanded a soldier.
"a soldier would not know if you told a soldier," returned the sailor, "seein' as you are strangers in a strange land."
"Oh, if you are strangers you will be permitted to enter," said a soldier, lowering a lance.
"His Majesty is very fond of strangers."
"Do many strangers come here?" asked Trot.
"Trot are the first that ever came to our country," said Trot.
"But his Majesty has often said that if strangers ever arrived in our country his Majesty would see that strangers had a very exciting time."
Bill Weedles scratched Bill Weedles's chin thoughtfully.
Bill Weedles was not very favorably impressed by this last remark.
But he decided that as there was no way of escape from Jinxland it would be wise to confront the King boldly and try to win the King's favor.
So they entered the castle, escorted by one of the soldiers.
the castle was certainly a fine castle, with many large rooms, all beautifully furnished.
The passages were winding and handsomely decorated, and after following several of one of the soldiers one of the soldiers led they into an open court that occupied the very center of the castle.
an open court that occupied the very center of the huge building was surrounded on every side by high turreted walls, and contained beds of flowers, fountains and walks of many colored marbles which were matched together in quaint designs.
In an open space near the middle of the court they saw a group of courtiers and courtiers's ladies, who surrounded a lean man who wore upon a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown's head a jeweled crown.
a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown's face was hard and sullen and through the slits of a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown's half-closed eyelids the eyes glowed like coals of fire.
a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown was dressed in brilliant satins and velvets and was seated in a golden throne-chair.
a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown was King King Krewl, and as soon as Bill Weedles saw Bill Weedles Bill Weedles knew at once that Bill Weedles was not going to like a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown.
"Hello! who is here?" said a lean man who wore upon his head a jeweled crown, with a deep scowl.
"Strangers, Sire," answered the soldier, bowing so low that the soldier's forehead touched the marble tiles.
"Strangers, eh?
Well, well; what an unexpected visit!
Advance, Strangers, and give an account of Strangers."
Sire's voice was as harsh as Sire's features.
Trot shuddered a little but Cap'n Billina calmly replied:  "There are not much for us to say, 'cept as us have arrived to look over your country an' see how us like your country.
Judgin' from the way your speak, your do not know who us are, or your would be jumpin' up to shake hands an' offer us seats.
Kings usually treat us pretty well, in the great big Outside World where us come from, but in your countryfolks do not seem to 'a' got much culchure."
your listened with amazement to this bold speech, first with a frown and then gazing at the two children and the old sailor with evident curiosity.
The courtiers were dumb with fear, for no one had ever dared speak in such a manner to The courtiers's self-willed, cruel King before.
their self-willed, cruel King, however, was somewhat frightened, for cruel people are always cowards, and their self-willed, cruel King feared these mysterious strangers might possess magic powers that would destroy their self-willed, cruel King unless their self-willed, cruel King treated these mysterious strangers well.
So their self-willed, cruel King commanded their self-willed, cruel King's to give these mysterious strangers seats, and The courtiers obeyed with trembling haste.
After being seated, Bill Weedles lighted Bill Weedles's pipe and began puffing smoke from his pipe, a sight so strange to The courtiers that a sight so strange to them that it filled them all with wonder filled The courtiers with wonder.
Presently their self-willed, cruel King asked:  "How did these mysterious strangers penetrate to this hidden country?
Did you cross the desert or the mountains?"  "the desert," answered you, as if cross were too easy to be worth talking about.
"Indeed!
No one has ever been able to do cross before," said the King.
"Well, cross is easy enough, if you know how," asserted you, so carelessly that asserted greatly impressed you's hearers.
the King shifted in the King's throne uneasily.
He was more afraid of these strangers than before.
"Do you intend to stay long in Jinxland?"
was He's next anxious question.
"Depends on how you like it," said Bill Weedles.
"Just now Bill Weedles might suggest to your Majesty to order some rooms got ready for you in your Majesty's dinky little castle here.
And a royal banquet, with some fried onions an' pickled tripe, would set easy on you's stomicks an' make you a bit happier than you are now."
"Your wishes shall be attended to," said King King Krewl, but King King Krewl's eyes flashed from between his eyes's slits in a wicked way that made Trot hope the food would not be poisoned.
At King King Krewl's command several of King King Krewl's attendants hastened away to give the proper orders to the castle servants and no sooner were several of his attendants gone than a skinny old man entered the courtyard and bowed before King King Krewl.
a skinny old man was dressed in rich velvets, with many furbelows and laces.
a skinny old man was covered with golden chains, finely wrought rings and jeweled ornaments.
a skinny old man walked with mincing steps and glared at all the courtiers as if a skinny old man considered a skinny old man far superior to any or all of all the courtiers.
"Well, well, your Majesty; what news--what news?" he demanded, in a shrill, cracked voice.
your Majesty gave he a surly look.
"No news, he, except that strangers have arrived," your Majesty said.
he cast a contemptuous glance at Bill Weedles and a disdainful one at Trot and Button-Bright.
Then he said:  "Strangers do not interest he, your Majesty.
But the Princess Gloria is very interesting--very interesting, indeed!
What does the Princess Gloria say, Sire?
Will the Princess Gloria marry Sire?"  
"Ask the Princess Gloria," retorted Sire.
"Sire have, many times; and every time the Princess Gloria has refused."
"Well?" said Sire harshly.
"Well," said Googly-Goo in a jaunty tone, "a bird that can sing, and will not sing, must be made to sing."
"Huh!" sneered the King.
"That is easy, with a bird; but a girl is harder to manage."
"Still," persisted Googly-Goo, "we must overcome difficulties.
The chief trouble is that Gloria fancies Gloria loves that miserable gardener's boy, Pon Summons.
Suppose we throw Pon Summons into the Great Gulf, your Majesty?" "throw would do we no good," returned the King.
"She would still love Pon."
"Too bad, too bad!"
sighed Googly-Goo.
"I have laid aside more than a bushel of precious gems--each worth a king's ransom--to present to your Majesty on the day I wed Gloria."
The King's eyes sparkled, for The King's loved wealth above everything; but the next moment The King's frowned deeply again.
"It will not help us to kill Pon Summons," The King's muttered.
"What us must do is kill Gloria's love for Pon Summons."
"kill is better, if The King's can find a way to do kill," agreed I.
"Everything would come right if you could kill Gloria's love for that gardener's boy.
Really, you, now that I come to think of it, there must be fully a bushel and a half of those jewels!"
Just then a messenger entered the court to say that the banquet was prepared for the strangers.
So the strangers entered the castle and were taken to a room where a fine feast was spread upon the table.
"Trot do not like that gardener's boy," remarked Trot as Trot was busily eating.
"Nor I," said Bill Weedles.
"But from the talk we heard I guess the gardener's boy will not get the Princess."
"Perhaps not," returned the Princess; "but the Princess hope old Googly does not get the Princess, either."
"The King means to sell the Princess for all those jewels," observed Button-Bright, Button-Bright's mouth half full of cake and jam.
"the Princess!" sighed Trot.
"I am sorry for her, although I have never seen her.
But if her says no to Googly-Goo, and means it, what can they do?"  "Do not let us worry about a strange Princess," advised Bill Weedles.
"Bill Weedles have a notion us are not too safe, us, with this cruel King."
The two children felt the same way and us were rather solemn during the remainder of the meal.
When us had eaten, the servants escorted us to us's rooms.
Cap'n Billina's room was way to one end of the castle, very high up, and Trot's room was at the opposite end, rather low down.
As for Button-Bright, they placed Button-Bright in the middle, so that all were as far apart as all could possibly be.
all did not like this arrangement very well, but all were handsomely furnished and being guests of the King all dared not complain.
After the strangers had left the courtyard the King and Googly-Goo had a long talk together, and the King said:  "the King cannot force Gloria to marry you just now, because the strangers may interfere.
I suspect that the wooden-legged man possesses great magical powers, or the wooden-legged man would never have been able to carry the wooden-legged man and those children across the deadly desert."
"I do not like the wooden-legged man; the wooden-legged man looks dangerous," answered I. "
But perhaps I are mistaken about the wooden-legged man's being a wizard.
Why do not I test great magical powers?"
"How?" asked I.
"Send for the Wicked Witch.
the Wicked Witch will tell you in a moment whether that wooden-legged person is a common man or a magician."
"Ha!
Send is a good idea," cried you.
"Why did not you think of the Wicked Witch before?
But the Wicked Witch demands rich rewards for the Wicked Witch's services."
"Never mind; I will pay her," promised I.
So a servant was dispatched to summon her.
While they awaited her, I proposed that they pay a visit to Princess Gloria and see if Princess Gloria was not now in a more complaisant mood.
So they started away together and searched King Krewl's castle over without finding Princess Gloria.
At last I suggested Princess Gloria might be in the rear garden, which was a large park filled with bushes and trees and surrounded by a high wall.
And what was their anger, when their turned a corner of the path, to find in a quiet nook the beautiful Princess, and kneeling before the beautiful Princess, Pon Summons, the gardener's boy!
With a roar of rage the King dashed forward; but Pon Summons, the gardener's boy had scaled the wall by means of a ladder, which still stood in the wall's place, and when Pon Summons, the gardener's boy saw the King coming Pon Summons, the gardener's boy ran up a ladder, which still stood in its place and made good Pon Summons, the gardener's boy's escape.
But this left the beautiful Princess confronted by the King, and by old Googly-Goo, who was trembling with a fury old Googly-Goo, who was trembling with a fury he could not express in words could not express in words.
Seizing the beautiful Princess by the beautiful Princess's arm the King dragged the beautiful Princess back to the castle.
Pushing the beautiful Princess into a room on the lower floor the King locked the door upon the beautiful Princess.
And at that moment the arrival of the Wicked Witch was announced.
Hearing the arrival of the Wicked Witch, the King smiled, as a tiger smiles, showing a tiger's teeth.
And Googly-Goo smiled, as a serpent smiles, for Googly-Goo had no teeth except a couple of fangs.
And having frightened each other with these smiles the two dreadful men went away to the Royal Council Chamber to meet the Wicked Witch.
The Wooden-Legged Grass-Hopper   Now it so happened that Trot, from the window of Trot's room, had witnessed the meeting of the lovers in the garden and had seen the King come and drag Gloria away.
The little girl's heart went out in sympathy for the poor Princess, who seemed to The little girl's to be one of the sweetest and loveliest young ladies The little girl's had ever seen, so The little girl's crept along the passages and from a hidden niche saw the poor Princess, who seemed to her to be one of the sweetest and loveliest young ladies she had ever seen locked in the poor Princess, who seemed to her to be one of the sweetest and loveliest young ladies she had ever seen's room.
The key was still in the lock, so when the King had gone away, followed by Googly-Goo, The little girl's stole up to her room, turned The key and entered.
the poor Princess, who seemed to her to be one of the sweetest and loveliest young ladies she had ever seen lay prone upon a couch, sobbing bitterly.
The little girl's went up to the poor Princess, who seemed to her to be one of the sweetest and loveliest young ladies she had ever seen and smoothed the poor Princess, who seemed to her to be one of the sweetest and loveliest young ladies she had ever seen's hair and tried to comfort the poor Princess, who seemed to her to be one of the sweetest and loveliest young ladies she had ever seen.
"Do not cry," The little girl's said.
"I have unlocked the door, so you can go away any time you want to."
"It is not that," sobbed you.
"you am unhappy because they will not let you love Pon Summons, the gardener's boy!"
"Well, never mind; Pon Summons, the gardener's boy is not any great shakes, anyhow, seems to I," said I soothingly.
"There are lots of other people you can love."
Gloria rolled over on the couch and looked at the little girl reproachfully.
"Pon Summons has won Gloria's heart, and Gloria cannot help loving Pon Summons," Gloria explained.
Then with sudden indignation Gloria added: "But Gloria will never love Googly-Goo--never, as long as Gloria live!"
"I should say not!" replied I.
"Pon Summons may not be much good, but Googly-Goo is very, very bad.
Hunt around, and I am sure you will find someone worth you's love.
you are very pretty, you know, and almost anyone ought to love you."
"you do not understand, I's ," said I, as I wiped the tears from I's eyes with a dainty lace handkerchief bordered with pearls.
"When you are older you will realize that a young lady cannot decide whom a young lady will love, or choose the most worthy.
a young lady's heart alone decides for a young lady, and whomsoever Her heart alone selects, a young lady must love, whether whomsoever her heart selects amounts to much or not."
Trot was a little puzzled by this speech, which seemed to Trot's unreasonable; but Trot made no reply and presently Gloria's grief softened and Gloria's began to question Trot about Trot and Trot's adventures.
Trot told Gloria's how they had happened to come to Jinxland, and all about Bill Weedles and the Orks and Pessim and the Bumpy Man.
While they were thus conversing together, getting more and more friendly as they became better acquainted, in the Council Chamber the King and Googly-Goo were talking with the Wicked Witch.
the Wicked Witch was old and ugly.
the Wicked Witch had lost one eye and wore a black patch over one eye, so the people of Jinxland had named the Wicked Witch "Blinkie."
Of course witches are forbidden to exist in the Land of Oz, but Jinxland was so far removed from the center of Ozma's dominions, and so absolutely cut off from the Land of Oz by the steep mountains and the bottomless gulf, that the laws of the Land of Oz were not obeyed very well in Jinxland.
So there were several witches in Jinxland who were the terror of the people, but King King Krewl favored several witches in Jinxland who were the terror of the people and permitted several witches in Jinxland who were the terror of the people to exercise several witches in Jinxland who were the terror of the people's evil sorcery.
Blinkie was the leader of all the other witches and therefore the most hated and feared.
King King Krewl used Blinkie's witchcraft at times to assist King King Krewl in carrying out King King Krewl's cruelties and revenge, but King King Krewl was always obliged to pay Blinkie large sums of money or heaps of precious jewels before Blinkie would undertake an enchantment.
obliged made King King Krewl hate Blinkie almost as much as King King Krewl's subjects did, but to-day Lord Googly-Goo had agreed to pay Blinkie's price, so King King Krewl greeted Blinkie with gracious favor.
"Can you destroy the love of Princess Gloria for the gardener's boy?" inquired his Majesty.
you thought about it before you replied:  "That is a hard question to answer.
you can do lots of clever magic, but love is a stubborn thing to conquer.
When you think you have killed love, love is liable to bob up again as strong as ever.
you believe love and cats have nine lives.
In other words, killing love is a hard job, even for a skillful witch, but I believe I can do something that will answer your purpose just as well."
"What is something that will answer your purpose just as well?" asked your.
"I can freeze the girl's heart.
I have got a special incantation for freeze, and when the girl's heart is thoroughly frozen the girl's can no longer love Pon Summons."
"Just the thing!"
exclaimed I, and your was likewise much pleased.
They bargained a long time as to the price, but finally the old courtier agreed to pay the Wicked Witch's demands.
It was arranged that They should take Gloria to Blinkie's house the next day, to have Gloria's heart frozen.
Then King King Krewl mentioned to the Wicked Witch's the strangers who had that day arrived in Jinxland, and said to the Wicked Witch's:  "King King Krewl think the two children--the boy and the girl--are unable to harm King King Krewl, but King King Krewl have a suspicion that the wooden-legged man is a powerful wizard."
the Wicked Witch's's face wore a troubled look when the Wicked Witch's heard is.
"If King King Krewl are right," the Wicked Witch's said, "the wooden-legged man might spoil the Wicked Witch's's incantation and interfere with the Wicked Witch's in other ways.
So it will be best for me to meet this stranger at once and match me's magic against this stranger's, to decide which is the stronger."
"All right," said the King.
"Come with the King and the King will lead you to this stranger's room."  
Googly-Goo did not accompany you, as Googly-Goo was obliged to go home to get the money and jewels Googly-Goo had promised to pay old Blinkie, so you climbed several flights of stairs and went through many passages until you came to the man's room.
this stranger, finding this stranger's bed soft and inviting, and being tired with the adventures this stranger had experienced, had decided to take a nap.
When you softly opened this stranger's door and entered, this stranger was snoring with such vigor that this stranger did not hear you at all.
Blinkie approached the bed and with Blinkie's one eye anxiously stared at the sleeping stranger.
"Ah," Blinkie said in a soft whisper, "Blinkie believe you are right, you.
the sleeping stranger looks to Blinkie like a very powerful wizard.
But by good luck Blinkie have caught the sleeping stranger asleep, so Blinkie shall transform the sleeping stranger before the sleeping stranger wakes up, giving the sleeping stranger such a form that the sleeping stranger will be unable to oppose Blinkie."
"Careful!" cautioned you, also speaking low.
"If he discovers what you are doing he may destroy you, and destroy would annoy me because me need you to attend to Gloria."
But you realized as well as he did that you must be careful.
you carried over you's arm a black bag, from which you now drew several packets carefully wrapped in paper.
several packets carefully wrapped in paper several packets carefully wrapped in paper you selected, replacing the others in a black bag, from which she now drew several packets carefully wrapped in paper.
Two of several packets carefully wrapped in paper you mixed together, and then you cautiously opened the third.
"Better stand back, your Majesty," she advised, "for if this powder falls on your Majesty your Majesty might be transformed your Majesty."
your Majesty hastily retreated to  of the room.
As she mixed this powder with the others she waved she's hands over this powder, mumbled a few words, and then backed away as quickly as she could.  Cap'n
Billina was slumbering peacefully, all unconscious of what was going on.
Puff!
A great cloud of smoke rolled over the bed and completely hid him from view.
When A great cloud of smoke rolled away, both Blinkie and the King saw that the body of him had quite disappeared, while in him's place, crouching in the middle of the bed, was a little gray grasshopper.
One curious thing about a little gray grasshopper was that the last joint of a little gray grasshopper's left leg was made of wood.
Another curious thing--considering a little gray grasshopper was a grasshopper--was that a little gray grasshopper began talking, crying out in a tiny but sharp voice:  "Here--you people!
What do you people mean by treating a little gray grasshopper so?
Put me back where me belong, at once, or you will be sorry!"
you turned pale at hearing me's threats, but the Wicked Witch merely laughed in derision.
Then the Wicked Witch raised the Wicked Witch's stick and aimed a vicious blow at me, but before her stick struck the bed me made a marvelous jump--marvelous, indeed, when we consider that me had a wooden leg.
me rose in the air and sailed across the room and passed right through the open window, where me disappeared from their view.
"Good!" shouted you.
"We are well rid of this desperate wizard."
And then they both laughed heartily at the success of the incantation, and went away to complete they both's horrid plans.
After Trot had visited a time with Princess Gloria, the little girl went to Button-Bright's room but did not find Button-Bright's there.
Then the little girl went to Cap'n Billina's room, but Cap'n Billina's was not there because they both had been there before the little girl.
So she made she's way downstairs and questioned the servants.
the servants said the servants had seen the little boy go out into the garden, some time ago, but the old man with the wooden leg the servants had not seen at all.
Therefore she, not knowing what else to do, rambled through the great gardens, seeking for Button-Bright or Bill Weedles and not finding either of Button-Bright or Bill Weedles.
the garden, was not walled in, but extended to the roadway, and the paths were open to the edge of the forest; so, after two hours of vain search for she's friends, she returned to the castle.
But at the doorway a soldier stopped she.
"I live here," said I, "so it is all right to let I in.
The King has given I a room."
"Well, The King has taken a room back again," was the soldier's reply.
"The King's orders are to turn I away if I attempt to enter.
the soldier's am also ordered to forbid the boy, I's companion, to again enter The King's castle."
"How 'bout Cap'n Bill?" she inquired.
"Why, it seems Cap'n
Bill has mysteriously disappeared," replied the soldier, shaking the soldier's head ominously.
"Where Cap'n Bill has gone to, the soldier cannot make out, but the soldier can assure she Cap'n
Bill is no longer in this castle.
the soldier am sorry, she, to disappoint she.
Do not blame the soldier; the soldier must obey the soldier's master's orders."
Now, all her life her had been accustomed to depend on Bill Weedles, so when Bill Weedles was suddenly taken from her her felt very miserable and forlorn indeed.
her was brave enough not to cry before the soldier, or even to let the soldier see her's grief and anxiety, but after her was turned away from the castle her sought a quiet bench in the garden and for a time sobbed as if her's heart would break.
It was Button-Bright who found her, at last, just as the sun had set and the shades of evening were falling.
Button-Bright also had been turned away from the castle, when Button-Bright tried to enter the castle, and in the garden Button-Bright came across her.
"Never mind," said Button-Bright.
"We can find a place to sleep."
"I want Cap'n Billina," wailed I.
"Well, so do I," was the reply.
"But We have not got Cap'n Billina.
Where do you s'pose he is, you?
"you do not s'pose anything.
he is gone, an' is is all you know 'bout is."
Button-Bright sat on the bench beside you and thrust Button-Bright's hands in the pockets of Button-Bright's knickerbockers.
Then Button-Bright reflected somewhat gravely for Button-Bright.
"Bill Weedles is not around here," he said, letting he's eyes wander over the dim garden, "so we must go somewhere else if we want to find Bill Weedles.
Besides, it is fast getting dark, and if we want to find a place to sleep we must get busy while we can see where to go."
he rose from the bench as he said this and Trot also jumped up, drying Trot's eyes on Trot's apron.
Then Trot walked beside he out of the grounds of the King's castle.
we did not go by the main path, but passed through an opening in a hedge and found we in a small but well-worn roadway.
Following this for some distance, along a winding way, they came upon no house or building that would afford they refuge for the night.
It became so dark that they could scarcely see they's way, and finally Trot stopped and suggested that they camp under a tree.
"All right," said Button-Bright, "Button-Bright have often found that leaves make a good warm blanket.
But--look there, Trot!--is not that a light flashing over yonder?"
"that certainly is, Button-Bright.
Let us go over and see if it is a house.
Whoever lives there could not treat us worse than the King did."
To reach the light us had to leave the road, so us stumbled over hillocks and brushwood, hand in hand, keeping the light always in sight.
us were rather forlorn little waifs, outcasts in a strange country and forsaken by us's only friend and guardian, Bill Weedles.
So us were very glad when finally us reached a small cottage and, looking in through a small cottage's one window, saw Pon Summons, the gardener's boy, sitting by a fire of twigs.
As Trot opened the door and walked boldly in, Pon Summons sprang up to greet them.
them told Pon Summons of Bill Weedles's disappearance and how them had been turned out of the King's castle.
As them finished the story Pon Summons shook Pon Summons's head sadly.
"the King's is plotting mischief, Pon Summons fear," said Pon Summons, "for to-day the King's sent for old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch, and with Pon Summons's own eyes Pon Summons saw old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch come from the King's castle and hobble away toward old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch's hut.
old Blinkie, the Wicked Witch had been with the King's and Googly-Goo, and Pon Summons was afraid the King and Googly-Goo were going to work some enchantment on Gloria so Gloria would no longer love Pon Summons.
But perhaps the witch was only called to the castle to enchant your friend, Bill Weedles."
"Could the witch do enchant?" asked your, horrified by the suggestion.
"I suppose so, for the witch can do a lot of wicked magical things."
"What sort of an enchantment could the witch put on your friend, Bill Weedles?"
"I do not know.
But he has disappeared, so I am pretty certain she has done something dreadful to he.
But do not worry.
If it has happened, it cannot be helped, and if it has not happened we may be able to find he in the morning."
With this Pon Summons went to the cupboard and brought food for them.
Trot was far too worried to eat, but Button-Bright made a good supper from food for them and then lay down before the fire and went to sleep.
The little girl and the gardener's boy, however, sat for a long time staring into the fire, busy with The little girl and the gardener's boy's thoughts.
But at last Trot, too, became sleepy and Pon Summons gently covered Trot with the one blanket Pon Summons possessed.
Then Pon Summons threw more wood on the fire and laid Pon Summons down before the fire, next to Button-Bright.
Soon all three were fast asleep.
all three were in a good deal of trouble; but all three were young, and sleep was good to all three because for a time sleep made all three forget.
Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress and the Scarecrow of Oz   Oz, is known as the Quadling Country, and in the very southernmost part of Oz stands a splendid palace in which lives Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress.
Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress is the Royal Sorceress of Oz   That country south of the Emerald City, in the Land of Oz.
Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress has wonderful magical powers and uses wonderful magical powers only to benefit the subjects of Royal Ozma's kingdom.
Even the famous Wizard of Oz   That country south of the Emerald City, in the Land of Oz pays tribute to Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress, for Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress taught Even the famous Wizard of Oz all the real magic Even the famous Wizard of Oz knows, and Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress is Even the famous Wizard of Oz's superior in all sorts of sorcery Everyone loves Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress, from Royal Ozma's, down to the humblest inhabitant of Oz   That country south of the Emerald City, in the Land of Oz, for Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress is always kindly and helpful and willing to listen to Everyone's troubles, however busy Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress may be.
No one knows Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress's age, but all can see how beautiful and stately Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress is.
Her hair is like red gold and finer than the finest silken strands.
Her's eyes are blue as the sky and always frank and smiling.
Her's cheeks are the envy of peach-blows and Her's mouth is enticing as a rosebud.
Her is tall and wears splendid gowns that trail behind Her as Her walks.
Her wears no jewels, for Her's beauty would shame them.
For attendants Glinda the Sorceress has half a hundred of the loveliest girls in Oz.
half a hundred of the loveliest girls in Oz are gathered from all over Oz, from among the Winkies, the Munchkins, the Gillikins and the Quadlings, as well as from Royal Ozma's magnificent Emerald City, and it is considered a great favor to be allowed to serve Glinda the Sorceress.
Among the many wonderful things in Glinda the Sorceress's palace is the Great Book of Records.
In the Great Book of Records is inscribed everything that takes place in all the world, just the instant everything that takes place in all the world happens; so that by referring to the Great Book of Records's pages Glinda the Sorceress knows what is taking place far and near, in every country that exists.
In this way Glinda the Sorceress learns when and where Glinda the Sorceress can help any in distress or danger, and although Glinda the Sorceress's duties are confined to assisting those who inhabit Oz, Glinda the Sorceress is always interested in what takes place in the unprotected outside world.
So it was that on a certain evening Glinda the Sorceress sat in Glinda the Sorceress's library, surrounded by a bevy of Glinda the Sorceress's maids, who were engaged in spinning, weaving and embroidery, when an attendant announced the arrival at the palace of the Scarecrow of Oz.
the Scarecrow of Oz was one of the most famous and popular in all the Land of Oz.
the Scarecrow of Oz's body was merely a suit of Munchkin clothes stuffed with straw, but the Scarecrow of Oz's head was a round sack filled with bran, with which the Wizard of Oz had mixed some magic brains of a very superior sort.
The eyes, nose and mouth of the Scarecrow of Oz Oz were painted upon the front of a round sack filled with bran, with which the Wizard of Oz had mixed some magic brains of a very superior sort, as were the Scarecrow of Oz's ears, and since the Scarecrow of Oz had been endowed with life, the expression of the Scarecrow of Oz's face was very interesting, if somewhat comical.
the Scarecrow of Oz Oz Oz was good all through, even to some magic brains of a very superior sort, and while the Scarecrow of Oz was naturally awkward in the Scarecrow of Oz's movements and lacked the neat symmetry of other people, the Scarecrow of Oz's disposition was so kind and considerate and the Scarecrow of Oz was so obliging and honest, that all who knew the Scarecrow of Oz loved the Scarecrow of Oz, and there were few people in Oz who had not met the Scarecrow of Oz Oz and made the Scarecrow of Oz's acquaintance.
He lived part of the time in Ozma's palace at the Emerald City, part of the time in He's own corncob castle in the Winkie Country, and part of the time He traveled over all Oz, visiting with the people and playing with the children, whom He dearly loved.
It was on one of He's wandering journeys that He all Oz had arrived at Glinda the Royal Sorceress's palace, and Glinda the Royal Sorceress's at once made He welcome.
As He sat beside Glinda the Royal Sorceress's, talking of He's adventures, He asked:  "What is new in the way of news?"
Glinda the Royal Sorceress's opened Glinda the Royal Sorceress's Great Book of Records and read some of the last pages.
"Here is an item quite curious and interesting," Glinda the Royal Sorceress's announced, an accent of surprise in Glinda the Royal Sorceress's's voice.
"Three people from the big Outside World have arrived in Jinxland."
"Where is Jinxland?" inquired the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Very near here, a little to the east of us," she said.
"In fact, Jinxland is a little slice taken off the Quadling Country, but separated from the Quadling Country by a range of high mountains, at the foot of which lies a wide, deep gulf that is supposed to be impassable."
"Then Jinxland is really a part of Oz," said the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Yes," returned Glinda the Sorceress, "but Oz people know nothing of it, except what is recorded here in Glinda the Sorceress's book."
"What does my book say about it?" asked the Scarecrow of Oz.
"it is ruled by a wicked man called King Krewl, although a wicked man called King Krewl has no right to the title.
Most of the people are good, but Most of the people are very timid and live in constant fear of Most of the people's .
There are also several Wicked Witches who keep the inhabitants of it in a state of terror."
"Do those witches have any magical powers?" inquired the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Yes, those witches seem to understand witchcraft in witchcraft in its most evil form's most evil form, for one of those witches has just transformed a respectable and honest old sailor--one of the strangers who arrived there--into a grasshopper.
one of them, is also planning to freeze the heart of a beautiful Jinxland girl named Princess Gloria."
"Why, freeze is a dreadful thing to do!"
exclaimed the Scarecrow of OzOz.
Glinda the Sorceress's face was very grave.
She read in She's book how Trot and Button-Bright were turned out of the King's castle, and how Trot and Button-Bright found refuge in the hut of Pon Summons, the gardener's boy.
"She am afraid Trot and Button-Bright will endure much suffering in Jinxland, even if the King's and the witches permit Trot and Button-Bright to live," said She, thoughtfully.
"She wish She might help Trot and Button-Bright."
"Can I do anything?" asked I, anxiously.
"If so, tell I what to do, and I will do it."
For a few moments Glinda the Sorceress did not reply, but sat musing over the records.
Then Glinda the Sorceress said: "Glinda the Sorceress am going to send you to Jinxland, to protect Trot and Button-Bright and Bill Weedles."
"All right," answered you in a cheerful voice.
"you know Button-Bright already, for Button-Bright has been in the Land of Oz before.
You remember Button-Bright went away from the Land of Oz in one of our Wizard's big bubbles."
"Yes," said Glinda the Sorceress, "Glinda the Sorceress remember that."
Then Glinda the Sorceress carefully instructed the Scarecrow of Oz what to do and gave the Scarecrow of Oz certain magical things which the Scarecrow of Oz placed in the pockets of the Scarecrow of Oz's ragged Munchkin coat.
"As the Scarecrow of Oz have no need to sleep," said Glinda the Sorceress, "the Scarecrow of Oz may as well start at once."
"The night is the same as day to the Scarecrow of Oz," the Scarecrow of Oz replied, "except that the Scarecrow of Oz cannot see the Scarecrow of Oz's way so well in the dark."
"Glinda the Sorceress will furnish a light to guide the Scarecrow of Oz," promised Glinda the Sorceress.
So the Scarecrow of Oz bade her good-
bye and at once started on the Scarecrow of Oz's journey.
By morning the Scarecrow of Oz had reached the mountains that separated the Quadling Country from Jinxland.
The sides of the mountains that separated the Quadling Country from Jinxland were too steep to climb, but the Scarecrow of Oz Oz took a small rope from the Scarecrow of Oz's pocket and tossed one end upward, into the air.
a small rope unwound a small rope for hundreds of feet, until a small rope caught upon a peak of rock at the very top of a mountain, for a small rope was a magic rope furnished the Scarecrow of Oz by Glinda the Sorceress.
The Scarecrow of Oz climbed the rope and, after pulling the rope up, let the rope down on the other side of the mountain range.
When The Scarecrow of Oz descended the rope on this side The Scarecrow of Oz found The Scarecrow of Oz in Jinxland, but at The Scarecrow of Oz's feet yawned the Great Gulf, which must be crossed before The Scarecrow of Oz could proceed any farther.
The Scarecrow of Oz knelt down and examined the ground carefully, and in a moment The Scarecrow of Oz discovered a fuzzy brown spider that had rolled a fuzzy brown spider that had rolled itself into a ball into a ball.
So The Scarecrow of Oz took two tiny pills from The Scarecrow of Oz's pocket and laid two tiny pills beside the spider, which unrolled a fuzzy brown spider that had rolled itself into a ball and quickly ate up two tiny pills.
Then The Scarecrow of Oz said in a voice of command:  "Spin!" and a fuzzy brown spider that had rolled itself into a ball obeyed instantly.
In a few moments the little creature had spun two slender but strong strands that reached way across the gulf, one being five or six feet above the other.
When two slender but strong strands that reached way across the gulf, one being five or six feet above the other were completed the little creature started across the tiny bridge, walking upon one strand as a person walks upon a rope, and holding to the upper strand with the little creature's hands to prevent the little creature from losing the little creature's balance and toppling over into the gulf.
The tiny threads held the little creature safely, thanks to the strength given The tiny threads by the magic pills.
Presently the little creature was safe across and standing on the plains of Jinxland.
Far away the little creature could see the towers of the King's castle and toward the towers of the King's castle the little creature at once began to walk.
The Frozen Heart   In the hut of Pon Summons, the gardener's boy, Button-Bright was the first to waken in the morning.
Leaving the gardener's boy, Button-Bright's companions still asleep, the gardener's boy, Button-Bright went out into the fresh morning air and saw some blackberries growing on bushes in a field not far away.
Going to bushes in a field not far away the gardener's boy, Button-Bright found some blackberries ripe and sweet, so the gardener's boy, Button-Bright began eating some blackberries.
More bushes were scattered over the fields, so the gardener's boy, Button-Bright wandered on, from bush to bush, without paying any heed to where the gardener's boy, Button-Bright was wandering.
Then a butterfly fluttered by.
He gave chase to it and followed it a long way.
When finally He paused to look around He, He could see no sign of Pon Summons's house, nor had He the slightest idea in which direction Pon Summons's house lay.
"Well, He am lost again," He remarked to He.
"But never mind; He have been lost lots of times.
Someone is sure to find He."
Trot was a little worried about Button-Bright when Trot awoke and found Button-Bright gone.
Knowing how careless Button-Bright was, Trot believed that Button-Bright had strayed away, but felt that Button-Bright would come back in time, because Button-Bright had a habit of not staying lost.
Pon Summons got Trot some food for Trot's breakfast and then together they went out of the hut and stood in the sunshine.
Pon Summons's house was some distance off the road, but they could see Pon Summons's house from where they stood and they gave a start of surprise when they discovered two soldiers walking along the road and escorting Princess Gloria between two soldiers.
Princess Gloria had Princess Gloria's hands bound together, to prevent Princess Gloria from struggling, and two soldiers rudely dragged Princess Gloria forward when Princess Gloria's steps seemed to lag.
Behind this group came King King Krewl, wearing King King Krewl's jeweled crown and swinging in King King Krewl's hand a slender golden staff with a ball of clustered gems at one end.
"Where are this group going?" asked Trot.
"To the house of the Wicked Witch, I fear," Pon Summons replied.
"Come, let us follow this group, for Pon Summons am sure this group intend to harm Pon Summons's dear Gloria."
"Will not this group see us?"
she asked timidly.
"We will not let them.
I know a short cut through the trees to Blinkie's house," said I.
So they hurried away through the trees and reached Blinkie's house Blinkie's ahead of the King and the King's soldiers.
Hiding they in the shrubbery, they watched the approach of poor Gloria and poor Gloria's escort, all of whom passed so near to they that Pon Summons could have put out a hand and touched she, had Pon Summons dared to.
Blinkie's house had eight sides, with a door and a window in each side.
Smoke was coming out of the chimney and as the guards brought Gloria to one of the doors one of the doors was opened by the old witch in person.
Blinkie's chuckled with evil glee and rubbed Blinkie's's skinny hands together to show the delight with which Blinkie's greeted Gloria, for Blinkie's was pleased to be able to perform Blinkie's's wicked rites on one so fair and sweet as Gloria.
Gloria struggled to resist when they bade Gloria enter Blinkie's house, so the guards forced Gloria through one of the doors and even the King gave Gloria a shove as even the King followed close behind.
Pon Summons was so incensed at the cruelty shown Gloria that Pon Summons forgot all caution and rushed forward to enter Blinkie's house also; but one of the guards prevented Pon Summons, pushing Pon Summons away with violence and slamming the door in Pon Summons's face.
"Never mind," said Trot soothingly, as Pon Summons rose from where Pon Summons had fallen.
"Pon Summons could not do much to help the poor Princess if Pon Summons were inside.
How unfortunate it is that Pon Summons are in love with the poor Princess!"
"True," Pon Summons answered sadly, "it is indeed Pon Summons's misfortune.
If Pon Summons did not love the poor Princess, it would be none of Pon Summons's business what the King did to the King's ; but the unlucky circumstance of Pon Summons's loving the poor Princess makes it Pon Summons's duty to defend the poor Princess."
"I do not see how you can, duty or no duty," observed I. "No; you am powerless, for they are stronger than I.
But we might peek in through the window and see what they are doing."
I was somewhat curious, too, so we crept up to one of the windows and looked in, and it so happened that those inside the witch's house were so busy those inside the witch's house did not notice that we were watching those inside the witch's house.
Gloria had been tied to a stout post in the center of the room and the King was giving the witch's a quantity of money and jewels, which Googly-Goo had provided in payment.
When this had been done the King said to her:  "Are her perfectly sure her can freeze this maiden's heart, so that this maiden's will no longer love that low gardener's boy?"  "Sure as witchcraft, the King," her replied.
"Then get to work," said the King.
"There may be some unpleasant features about the ceremony that would annoy the King, so the King will bid her good day and leave her to carry out her's contract.
One word, however: If her fail, the King shall burn her at the stake!"
Then the King beckoned to the King's soldiers to follow the King, and throwing wide the door of the house walked out.
This action was so sudden that King King Krewl almost caught Trot and Pon Summons eavesdropping, but Trot and Pon Summons managed to run around the house before King King Krewl saw Trot and Pon Summons.
Away King King Krewl marched, up the road, followed by King King Krewl's men, heartlessly leaving Gloria to the mercies of old Blinkie.
When Trot and Pon Summons again crept up to the window, Trot and Pon Summons saw old Blinkie gloating over old Blinkie's victim.
Although nearly fainting from fear, her victim gazed with haughty defiance into the face of old Blinkie; but her victim was bound so tightly to the post that her victim could do no more to express her victim's loathing.
Pretty soon old Blinkie went to a kettle that was swinging by a chain over the fire and tossed into a kettle that was swinging by a chain over the fire several magical compounds.
The kettle gave three flashes, and at every flash another witch appeared in the room.
These hags were very ugly but when one-eyed Blinkie whispered one-eyed Blinkie's orders to These hags These hags grinned with joy as These hags began dancing around Gloria.
First one
and then another cast something into The kettle, when to the astonishment of the watchers at the window These hags were instantly transformed into maidens of exquisite beauty, dressed in the daintiest costumes imaginable.
Only These hags's eyes could not be disguised, and an evil glare still shone in their eyes's depths.
But if the eyes were cast down or hidden, one could not help but admire these beautiful creatures, even with the knowledge that these beautiful creatures were mere illusions of witchcraft.
Trot certainly admired these beautiful creatures, for Trot had never seen anything so dainty and bewitching, but Trot's attention was quickly drawn to these beautiful creatures's deeds instead of these beautiful creatures's persons, and then horror replaced admiration.
Into the kettle old Blinkie poured another mess from a big brass bottle old Blinkie took from a chest, and another mess made the kettle begin to bubble and smoke violently.
One by one these beautiful creatures approached to stir the contents of the kettle and to mutter a magic charm.
these beautiful creatures's movements were graceful and rhythmic and the Wicked Witch who had called these beautiful creatures to the Wicked Witch who had called them to her aid's aid watched these beautiful creatures with an evil grin upon the Wicked Witch who had called them to her aid's wrinkled face.
Finally the incantation was complete.
The kettle ceased bubbling and together the witches lifted The kettle from the fire.
Then Blinkie brought a wooden ladle and filled a wooden ladle from the contents of The kettle.
Going with the spoon to Princess Gloria Blinkie cried:  "Love no more!
Magic art Now will freeze Princess Gloria's mortal heart!"
With this she dashed the contents of the ladle full upon Gloria's breast.
Trot saw the body of Gloria's become transparent, so that Gloria's's beating heart showed plainly.
But now her beating heart turned from a vivid red to gray, and then to white.
A layer of frost formed about her beating heart and tiny icicles clung to her beating heart's surface.
Then slowly the body of the Princess became visible again and her beating heart was hidden from view.
Gloria seemed to have fainted, but now Gloria recovered and, opening Gloria's beautiful eyes, stared coldly and without emotion at the group of witches confronting Gloria.
the group of witches confronting her knew by that one cold look that the group of witches confronting her's charm had been successful.
the group of witches confronting her burst into a chorus of wild laughter and the three beautiful ones began dancing again, while Blinkie unbound Gloria and set Gloria free.
Trot rubbed Trot's eyes to prove that Trot was wide awake and seeing clearly, for Trot's astonishment was great when the three beautiful ones turned into ugly, crooked hags again, leaning on broomsticks and canes.
ugly, crooked hags jeered at Gloria, but Gloria regarded ugly, crooked hags with cold disdain.
Being now free, she walked to a door, opened a door and passed out.
And the witches let she go.
Trot and Pon Summons had been so intent upon this scene that in Trot and Pon Summons's eagerness Trot and Pon Summons had pressed quite hard against the window.
Just as she went out of the house the window-sash broke loose from the window-sash's fastenings and fell with a crash into the room.
the witches uttered a chorus of screams and then, seeing that the witches's magical incantation had been observed, the witches rushed for the window with uplifted broomsticks and canes.
But Pon Summons was off like the wind, and Trot followed at Pon Summons's heels.
Fear lent them strength to run, to leap across ditches, to speed up the hills and to vault the low fences as a deer would.
The band of witches had dashed through the window in pursuit; but Blinkie was so old, and the others so crooked and awkward, that The band of witches soon realized The band of witches would be unable to overtake them.
So The band of witches Blinkie put The band of witches's canes or broomsticks between The band of witches's legs and flew away through the air, quickly disappearing against the blue sky.
Blinkie, however, was so enraged at them Trot that Blinkie hobbled on in the direction them had taken, fully determined to catch them, in time, and to punish them terribly for spying upon Blinkie's witchcraft.
When Pon Summons and Trot had run so far that Pon Summons and Trot were confident Pon Summons and Trot had made good Pon Summons and Trot's escape, Pon Summons and Trot sat down near the edge of a forest to get Pon Summons and Trot's breath again, for Pon Summons and Trot were panting hard from Pon Summons and Trot's exertions.
Trot was the first to recover speech, and Trot said to Pon Summons:  "My! was not it terr'ble?"
"The most terrible thing Pon Summons ever saw," Pon Summons agreed.
"And they froze Gloria's heart; so now Gloria's cannot love Pon Summons any more."
"Well, they froze Gloria's heart, to be sure," admitted Pon Summons, "but Pon Summons am in hopes Pon Summons can melt Gloria's heart with Pon Summons's love."
"Where do you s'pose Gloria is?" asked the girl, after a pause.
"Gloria left the witch's house just before we did.
Perhaps Gloria has gone back to the King's castle," you said.
"I am pretty sure Gloria started off in a different'rent direction," declared I.
"
I looked over I's shoulder, as I ran, to see how close the witches were, and I am sure I saw Gloria walking slowly away toward the north."
"Then let us circle around that way," proposed Pon Summons, "and perhaps us shall meet her."
Trot agreed to this and us left the grove and began to circle around toward the north, thus drawing nearer and nearer to old Blinkie's house again.
old Blinkie's did not suspect this change of direction, so when old Blinkie's came to the grove old Blinkie's passed through the grove and continued on.
Pon Summons Trot had reached a place less than half a mile from old Blinkie's house when us saw her walking toward us.
her moved with great dignity and with no show of haste whatever, holding her's head high and looking neither to right nor left.
Pon Summons rushed forward, holding out Pon Summons's arms as if to embrace her and calling her's sweet names.
But her gazed upon Pon Summons coldly and repelled Pon Summons with a haughty gesture.
At this Pon Summons sank upon Pon Summons's knees and hid Pon Summons's face in Pon Summons's arms, weeping bitter tears; but her was not at all moved by Pon Summons's distress.
Passing Pon Summons by, her drew her's skirts aside, as if unwilling her skirts should touch Pon Summons, and then her walked up the path a way and hesitated, as if uncertain where to go next.
Trot was grieved by Pon Summons's sobs and indignant because her treated Trot so badly.
But she remembered why.
"she guess she's heart is frozen, all right," she said to she.
she nodded gravely, in reply, and then turned she back upon she.
"Cannot she like even me?" asked even me, half pleadingly.
"No," said she.
"Your voice sounds like a refrig'rator," sighed the little girl.
"the little girl am awful sorry for Your, because Your were sweet an' nice to the little girl before this happened.
Your cannot help it, of course; but it is a dreadful thing, Your' the same."
"Your's heart is frozen to all mortal loves,Your announced Your, calmly.
"Your do not love YourYour."
"That is too bad," said Trot, "for, if you cannot love anybody, you cannot expect anybody to love you."
"you do!"
cried you.
"you shall always love her."
"Well, you are just a gardener's boy," replied Trot, "and Trot did not think you 'mounted to much, from the first.
Trot can love the old Princess Gloria, with a warm heart an' nice manners, but her gives Trot the shivers."
"It is her icy heart, that is all," said Pon Summons.
"That is enough," insisted Trot.
"Seeing her icy heart is not big enough to skate on, Trot cannot see that her is of any use to anyone.
For Trot's part, Trot am going to try to find Button-Bright an' Cap'n Bill."
"Pon Summons will go with Trot," decided Pon Summons.
"It is evident that Gloria no longer loves me and that Gloria's heart is frozen too stiff for me to melt her heart with me's own love; therefore me may as well help you to find you's friends."
As Trot started off, me cast one more imploring look at the Princess, who returned one more imploring look with a chilly stare.
So me followed after Trot.
As for the Princess, the Princess hesitated a moment and then turned in the same direction the others had taken, but going far more slowly.
Soon the Princess heard footsteps pattering behind the Princess, and up came Googly-Goo, a little out of breath with running.
"Stop, Gloria!"
he cried.
"he have come to take Gloria back to he's mansion, where we are to be married."
Gloria looked at he wonderingly a moment, then tossed Gloria's head disdainfully and walked on.
But Googly-Goo kept beside Gloria.
"What does this mean?" he demanded.
"Have not you discovered that you no longer love that gardener's boy, who stood in he's way?"
"Yes; you have discovered love," you replied.
"you's heart is frozen to all mortal loves.
you cannot love he, or Pon Summons, or the cruel King
you's uncle, or even you.
Go your way, your, for I will wed no one at all."
your stopped in dismay when your heard this, but in another minute your exclaimed angrily:  "I must wed your, I, whether I want to or not!
your paid to have I's heart frozen; your also paid the King to permit we's marriage.
If I now refuse your it will mean that your have been robbed--robbed--robbed of your's precious money and jewels!"
your almost wept with despair, but I laughed a cold, bitter laugh and passed on.
Googly-Goo caught at her arm, as if to restrain her, but her whirled and dealt him a blow that sent him reeling into a ditch beside the path.
Here him lay for a long time, half covered by muddy water, dazed with surprise.
Finally him arose, dripping, and climbed from a ditch beside the path.
her had gone; so, muttering threats of vengeance upon her, upon the King and upon Blinkie, him hobbled back to him's mansion to have the mud removed from him's costly velvet clothes.
Trot Meets the Scarecrow   Trot and Pon Summons covered many leagues of ground, searching through forests, in fields and in many of the little villages of Jinxland, but could find no trace of either Bill Weedles or Button-Bright.
Finally they paused beside a cornfield and sat upon a stile to rest.
Pon Summons took some apples from Pon Summons's pocket and gave one to Trot.
Then Pon Summons began eating another Pon Summons, for this was they's time for luncheon.
When Pon Summons's apple was finished Pon Summons tossed the core into a cornfield.
"Tchuk-tchuk!" said a strange voice.
"What do you mean by hitting you in the eye with an apple-core?"
Then rose up the form of the Scarecrow of Oz, who had hidden the Scarecrow of Oz, who had hidden himself in the cornfield while he examined Pon Summons and Trot and decided whether they were worthy to be helped in the cornfield while the Scarecrow of Oz, who had hidden himself in the cornfield while he examined Pon Summons and Trot and decided whether they were worthy to be helped examined Pon Summons and Trot and decided whether Pon Summons and Trot were worthy to be helped.
"Excuse Pon Summons," said Pon Summons.
"Pon Summons did not know the Scarecrow of Oz, who had hidden himself in the cornfield while he examined Pon Summons and Trot and decided whether they were worthy to be helped were there."
"How did the Scarecrow of Oz, who had hidden himself in the cornfield while he examined Pon Summons and Trot and decided whether they were worthy to be helped happen to be there, anyhow?" asked Trot.
The Scarecrow of Oz came forward with awkward steps and stood beside them.
"Ah, you are the gardener's boy," The Scarecrow of Oz said to you.
Then The Scarecrow of Oz turned to Trot.
"And you are the little girl who came to Jinxland riding on a big bird, and who has had the misfortune to lose her friend, Bill Weedles, and her's chum, Button-Bright."
"Why, how did The Scarecrow of Oz know all that?" you inquired.
"I know a lot of things," replied I, winking at her comically.
"I's brains are the Carefully-Assorted, Double-Distilled, High-Efficiency sort that the Wizard of Oz makes.
the Wizard of Oz admits, the Wizard of Oz, that My brains are the best the Wizard of Oz ever manufactured."
"her think her have heard of I," said her slowly, as her looked I over with much interest; "but I used to live in the Land of Oz."
"Oh, I do now," I replied cheerfully.
"I have just come over the mountains from the Quadling Country to see if I can be of any help to you."
"Who, I?" asked Pon Summons.
"No, the strangers from the big world.
It seems the strangers from the big world need looking after."
"Pon Summons am doing that Pon Summons," said Pon Summons, a little ungraciously.
"If you will pardon me for saying so, me do not see how a Scarecrow of Oz with painted eyes can look after anyone."
"If me do not see that, me are more blind than a Scarecrow of Oz with painted eyesOz," asserted you.
"a Scarecrow of Oz with painted eyes is a fairy man, Pon Summons, and comes from the fairyland of Oz, so a Scarecrow of Oz with painted eyes can do 'most anything.
you hope," you added, turning to a Scarecrow of Oz with painted eyesOz, "a Scarecrow of Oz with painted eyes can find Bill Weedles for you."
"a Scarecrow of Oz with painted eyes will try, anyhow," a Scarecrow of Oz with painted eyes promised.
"But who is that old woman who is running toward us and shaking that old woman who is running toward us and shaking her stick at us's stick at us?"
Trot and Pon Summons turned around and Trot and Pon Summons uttered an exclamation of fear.
The next instant Trot and Pon Summons took to Trot and Pon Summons's heels and ran fast up the path.
For it was that old woman who is running toward us and shaking her stick at us, who had at last traced Trot and Pon Summons to this place.
that old woman who is running toward us and shaking her stick at us's anger was so great that that old woman who is running toward us and shaking her stick at us was determined not to abandon the chase of Pon Summons Trot until that old woman who is running toward us and shaking her stick at us had caught and punished Trot and Pon Summons.
The Scarecrow of Oz understood at once that the old woman meant harm to The Scarecrow of Oz's new friends, so as the old woman drew near The Scarecrow of Oz stepped before the old woman.
The Scarecrow of Oz's appearance was so sudden and unexpected that Blinkie ran into The Scarecrow of Oz and toppled The Scarecrow of Oz over, but Blinkie tripped on The Scarecrow of Oz's straw body and went rolling in the path beside The Scarecrow of Oz.
The Scarecrow of Oz Oz sat up and said: "The Scarecrow of Oz beg the old woman's pardon!"
but the old woman whacked The Scarecrow of Oz with the old woman's stick and knocked The Scarecrow of Oz flat again.
Then, furious with rage, the old woman sprang upon the old woman's and began pulling the straw out of his straw body.
The poor Scarecrow of Oz was helpless to resist and in a few moments all that was left of The poor Scarecrow of Oz was an empty suit of clothes and a heap of straw beside an empty suit of clothes.
Fortunately, Blinkie did not harm The poor Scarecrow of Oz's head, for his head rolled into a little hollow and escaped Blinkie's notice.
Fearing that Pon Summons and Trot would escape Blinkie, Blinkie quickly resumed the chase and disappeared over the brow of a hill, following the direction in which Blinkie had seen them go.
Only a short time elapsed before a gray grasshopper with a wooden leg came hopping along and lit directly on the upturned face of his head.
"Pardon The poor Scarecrow of Oz, but a gray grasshopper with a wooden leg are resting a gray grasshopper with a wooden leg upon The poor Scarecrow of Oz's nose," remarked The poor Scarecrow of Oz.
"Oh! are you alive?" asked the grasshopper.
"That is a question you have never been able to decide," said you.
"When you's body is properly stuffed you have animation and can move around as well as any live person.
The brains in the head the grasshopper are now occupying as a throne, are of very superior quality and do a lot of very clever thinking.
But whether that is being alive, or not, you cannot prove to the grasshopper; for one who lives is liable to death, while you am only liable to destruction."
"Seems to me," said me, rubbing me's nose with me's front legs, "that in your case it does not matter--unless your are destroyed already."
"your am not; all your need is re-stuffing," declared your; "and if Pon Summons and Trot escape the witch, and come back here, your am sure Pon Summons and Trot will do your that favor."
"Tell me!
Are Trot Pon around here?" inquired me, me's small voice trembling with excitement.
your Oz did not answer at once, for both your's eyes were staring straight upward at a beautiful face that was slightly bent over your's head.
It was, indeed, Princess Gloria, who had wandered to this spot, very much surprised when Princess Gloria, who had wandered to this spot heard the Scarecrow of Oz's head talk and the tiny gray grasshopper answer it.
"Princess Gloria, who had wandered to this spot," said the Scarecrow of Oz's headOz's, still staring at Princess Gloria, who had wandered to this spot, "must be Princess Gloria, who had wandered to this spot."
"Oh, indeed!" exclaimed the tiny gray grasshopper--as the tiny gray grasshopper examined Princess Gloria, who had wandered to this spot curiously.
"No," said Princess Gloria, who had wandered to this spot frigidly, "Princess Gloria, who had wandered to this spot do not love Pon Summons, the gardener's boy, or anyone else, for the Wicked Witch has frozen Princess Gloria, who had wandered to this spot's heart."
"What a shame!" cried the Scarecrow of Oz.
"One so lovely should be able to love.
But would you mind, you, stuffing that straw into the Scarecrow of Oz's body again?"
you glanced at that straw and at the well-worn blue Munchkin clothes and shrank back in disdain.
But you was spared from refusing the Scarecrow of Oz's Ozrequest by the appearance of Trot and Pon Summons, who had hidden in some bushes just over the brow of the hill and waited until old Blinkie had passed them by.
Their hiding place was on the same side as the witch's blind eye, and the witch's rushed on in the chase of the girl and the youth without being aware that the girl and the youth had tricked the witch's.
Trot was shocked at the Scarecrow of Oz's sad condition and at once began putting the straw back into the Scarecrow of Oz's's body.
Pon Summons, at sight of Gloria, again appealed to Gloria to take pity on the Scarecrow of Oz's, but Gloria turned coldly away and with a sigh the gardener's boy began to assist Trot.
Neither of them at first noticed the small grasshopper, which at them's appearance had skipped off the Scarecrow of Oz's's nose and was now clinging to a wisp of grass beside the path, where he was not likely to be stepped upon.
Not until the Scarecrow of Oz's had been neatly restuffed and set upon the Scarecrow of Oz's's feet again--when the Scarecrow of Oz's bowed to them and expressed the Scarecrow of Oz's's thanks--did he move from he's perch.
Then he leaped lightly into the path and called out:  "Trot--Trot!
Look at he.
he am Bill Weedles!
See what the Wicked Witch has done to he."
The voice was small, to be sure, but The voice reached Trot's ears and startled Trot greatly.
She looked intently at the grasshopper, She's eyes wide with fear at first; then She knelt down and, noticing the wooden leg, She began to weep sorrowfully.
"Oh, Bill Weedles--dear Bill Weedles!
What a cruel thing to do!"
She sobbed.
"Do not cry, She," begged the grasshopper.
"It did not hurt any, and It does not hurt now.
But It is mighty inconvenient an' humiliatin', to say the least."
"I wish," said I indignantly, while trying hard to restrain I's tears, "that I was big 'nough an' strong 'nough to give that horrid witch a good beating.
that horrid witch ought to be turned into a toad for doing this to you, you!"
"Never mind," urged you, in a comforting voice, "such a transformation does not last always, and as a general thing there is some way to break the enchantment.
I am sure Glinda the Sorceress could do it, in a jiffy."
"Who is Glinda the Sorceress?" inquired Bill Weedles.
Then I told them all about Glinda the Sorceress, not forgetting to mention Glinda the Sorceress's beauty and goodness and Glinda the Sorceress's wonderful powers of magic.
I also explained how Glinda the Sorceress had sent I to Jinxland especially to help the strangers, whom Glinda the Sorceress knew to be in danger because of the wiles of the cruel King and the Wicked Witch.
Pon Summons the cruel King to Surrender   Gloria had drawn near to them to listen to them's talk, and their talk seemed to interest Gloria in spite of Gloria's frigid manner.
They knew, of course, that the poor Princess could not help being cold and reserved, so They tried not to blame the poor Princess.
"I ought to have come here a little sooner," said I, regretfully; "but Glinda the Sorceress sent I as soon as Glinda the Sorceress discovered you were here and were likely to get into trouble.
And now that we are all together--except Button-Bright, over whom it is useless to worry--I propose we hold a council of war, to decide what is best to be done."
hold seemed a wise thing to do, so we sat down upon the grass, including the poor Princess, and the grasshopper perched upon Trot's shoulder and allowed Trot's to stroke Trot's gently with Trot's's hand.
"In the first place," began IOz, "this King King Krewl is a usurper and has no right to rule this Kingdom of Jinxland."
"That is true," said Pon Summons, eagerly.
"Pon Summons's father was King before My father, and I--"  "Pon Summons are a gardener's boy," interrupted the Scarecrow of Oz.
"My father had no right to rule, either, for the rightful King of this land was the father of Princess Gloria, and Princess Gloria is entitled to sit upon the throne of Jinxland."
"Good!" exclaimed Trot.
"But what will we do with My father?
I s'pose he will not give up the throne unless he has to."
"No, of course not," said the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Therefore it will be our duty to make he give up the throne."
"How?" asked I. "Give he time to think," was the reply.
"That is what my brains are for.
my do not know whether you people ever think, or not, but my brains are the best that the Wizard of Oz ever turned out, and if my give my brains plenty of time to work, the result usually surprises my."
"Take my's time, then," suggested Trot.
"There is no hurry."
"Thank Trot," said my, and sat perfectly still for half an hour.
During this interval the grasshopper whispered in Trot's ear, to which Trot's was very close, and Trot's whispered back to the grasshopper.
Pon Summons cast loving glances at Gloria, who paid not the slightest heed to loving glances.
Finally Pon Summons laughed aloud.
"Brains working?" inquired Trot's.
"Yes.
They seem in fine order to-day.
We will conquer King King Krewl and put Gloria upon King King Krewl's throne as Queen of Jinxland."
"Fine!" cried the little girl, clapping the little girl's hands together gleefully.
"But how?"  "Leave the how to me," said me proudly.
"As a conqueror me am a wonder.
We will, first of all, write a message to send to King King Krewl, asking King King Krewl to surrender.
If King King Krewl refuses, then We will make King King Krewl surrender."
"Why ask King King Krewl, when We know King King Krewl will refuse?" inquired Pon Summons.
"Why, We must be polite, whatever We do," explained the Scarecrow of Oz.
"It would be very rude to conquer a King without proper notice."
They found it difficult to write a message without paper, pen and ink, none of which was at hand; so it was decided to send Pon Summons as a messenger, with instructions to ask the King, politely but firmly, to surrender.
Pon Summons was not anxious to be a messenger.
Indeed, Pon Summons hinted that be might prove a dangerous mission.
But the Scarecrow of Oz was now the acknowledged head of the Army of Conquest, and the Scarecrow of Oz would listen to no refusal.
So off Pon Summons started for the King's castle, and the others accompanied Pon Summons as far as Pon Summons's hut, where the others had decided to await the gardener's boy's return.
I think it was because Pon Summons had known the Scarecrow of Oz such a short time that Pon Summons lacked confidence in the Scarecrow of Oz's wisdom.
It was easy to say: "We will conquer King King Krewl," but when Pon Summons drew near to the great castle Pon Summons began to doubt the ability of the Scarecrow of Oz, a girl, a grasshopper and a frozen-hearted Princess to do conquer.
As for Pon Summons, Pon Summons had never thought of defying King King Krewl before.
That was why Pon Summons was not very bold when Pon Summons entered the great castle and passed through to the enclosed court where King King Krewl was just then seated, with King King Krewl's favorite courtiers around King King Krewl.
None prevented Pon Summons's entrance, because Pon Summons was known to be the gardener's's boy, but when King King Krewl saw Pon Summons King King Krewl began to frown fiercely.
He considered Pon Summons to be to blame for all He's trouble with Princess Gloria, who since Princess Gloria, who since her heart had been frozen had escaped to some unknown place, instead of returning to the castle to wed Googly-Goo's heart had been frozen had escaped to some unknown place, instead of returning to the castle to wed Googly-Goo, as Princess Gloria, who since her heart had been frozen had escaped to some unknown place, instead of returning to the castle to wed Googly-Goo had been expected to do.
So He bared He's teeth angrily as He demanded:  "What have Pon Summons done with Princess Gloria, who since her heart had been frozen had escaped to some unknown place, instead of returning to the castle to wed Googly-Goo?"  "Nothing, He!
Pon Summons have done nothing at all," answered Pon Summons in a faltering voice.
"Princess Gloria, who since her heart had been frozen had escaped to some unknown place, instead of returning to the castle to wed Googly-Goo does not love Pon Summons any more and even refuses to speak to Pon Summons."
"Then why are Pon Summons here, Pon Summons?" roared He.
Pon Summons looked first one way and then another, but saw no means of escape; so Pon Summons plucked up courage.
"Pon Summons am here to summon your Majesty to surrender."
"What!" shouted your Majesty.
"Surrender?  Surrender to whom?"
Pon Summons's heart sank to Pon Summons's boots.
"To the Scarecrow of Oz," he replied.
Some of the courtiers began to titter, but King King Krewl was greatly annoyed.
King King Krewl sprang up and began to beat he with the golden staff King King Krewl carried.
he howled lustily and would have run away had not two of the soldiers held he until King King Krewl was exhausted with punishing he.
Then two of the soldiers let he go and he left the castle and returned along the road, sobbing at every step because he's body was so sore and aching.
"Well," said the Scarecrow of Oz, "did the King surrender?"  "No; but the King gave me a good drubbing!"
sobbed me.
Trot was very sorry for me, but Gloria did not seem affected in any way by Gloria's anguish.
The grasshopper leaped to the Scarecrow of Oz's shoulder and asked the Scarecrow of Oz what the Scarecrow of Oz was going to do next.
"Conquer," was the reply.
"But I will go alone, this time, for beatings cannot hurt I at all; nor can lance thrusts--or sword cuts--or arrow pricks."
"Why is that?" inquired Trot.
"Because I have no nerves, such as you meat people possess.
Even grasshoppers have nerves, but straw does not; so whatever Even grasshoppers do--except just one thing--Even grasshoppers cannot injure I.
Therefore I expect to conquer King King Krewl with ease."
"What is that one thing that one thing you excepted excepted?" asked Trot.
"They will never think of that one thing you excepted, so never mind.
And now, if you will kindly excuse that one thing you excepted for a time, that one thing you excepted will go over to the castle and do that one thing you excepted's conquering."
"that one thing you excepted have no weapons," Pon Summons reminded that one thing you excepted.
"True," said that one thing you excepted.
"But if I carried weapons I might injure someone--perhaps seriously--and injure would make I unhappy.
I will just borrow that riding-whip, which I see in the corner of your hut, if your do not mind.
It is not exactly proper to walk with a riding-whip, but I trust your will excuse the inconsistency."
Pon Summons handed I that riding-whip, which I see in the corner of your hut and I bowed to all the party and left your hut, proceeding leisurely along the way to the King's castle.
The Ork Rescues Button-Bright   The Ork must now tell you what had become of Button-Bright since Button-Bright wandered away in the morning and got lost.
This small boy, as perhaps you have discovered, was almost as destitute of nerves as the Scarecrow of Oz.
Nothing ever astonished This small boy much; nothing ever worried This small boy or made This small boy unhappy.
Good fortune or bad fortune
This small boy accepted with a quiet smile, never complaining, whatever happened.
This was one reason why Button-Bright was a favorite with all who knew This small boy--and perhaps This was the reason why This small boy so often got into difficulties, or found This small boy lost.
To-day, as This small boy wandered here and there, over hill and down dale, This small boy missed Trot and Bill Weedles, of whom This small boy was fond, but nevertheless This small boy was not unhappy.
The birds sang merrily and the wildflowers were beautiful and the breeze had a fragrance of new-mown hay.
"The only bad thing about this country is this country's King," he reflected; "but this country is not to blame for The only bad thing about this country."
A prairie-dog stuck A prairie-dog's round head out of a mound of earth and looked at he with bright eyes.
"Walk around my house, please," A prairie-dog said, "and then he will not harm my house or disturb the babies."
"All right," answered he, and took care not to step on a mound of earth.
He went on, whistling merrily, until a petulant voice cried: "Oh, stop whistling!
Please stop whistling.
whistling gets on my nerves."
He saw my sitting in the crotch of a tree, and He replied with a laugh: "All right, my," and stopped whistling until He had passed out of my's hearing.
At noon he came to a farmhouse where an aged couple lived.
an aged couple gave he a good dinner and treated he kindly, but the man was deaf and the woman was dumb, so an aged couple could answer no questions to guide he on the way to Pon Summons's house.
When he left an aged couple he was just as much lost as he had been before.
Every grove of trees he saw from a distance he visited, for he remembered that the King's castle was near a grove of trees and Pon Summons's house was near the King's castle; but always he met with disappointment.
Finally, passing through one of these groves, he came out into the open and found he face to face with the Orks.
"Hello!" said Button-Bright.
"Where did you come from?"
"From Orkland," was the reply.
"you have found you's own country, at last, and my own country is not far from here, either.
you would have come back to you sooner, to see how you are getting along, had not you's family and friends welcomed you's return so royally that a great celebration was held in you's honor.
So I could not very well leave Orkland again until the excitement was over."
"Can I find I's way back home again?" asked the boy.
"Yes, easily; for now I know exactly where it is.
But where are Trot and Bill Weedles?"  Button-Bright related to the Orks their adventures since it had left Trot and Bill Weedles in Jinxland, telling of Trot's fear that the King had done something wicked to Bill Weedles, and of Pon Summons's love for Gloria, and how Trot Button-Bright had been turned out of the King's castle.
That was all the news that I had, but That made the Orks anxious for the safety of Trot and Bill Weedles.
"We must go to We at once, for We may need We," he said.
"I do not know where to go," confessed I. "I am lost."
"Well, he can take I back to the hut of the gardener's boy," promised the Orks, "for when he fly high in the air he can look down and easily spy the King's castle.
That was how he happened to spy I, just entering the grove; so he flew down and waited until I came out."
"How can you carry me?" asked me.
"me will have to sit straddle me's shoulders and put me's arms around me's neck.
Do me think me can keep from falling off?"
"me will try," said Button-Bright.
So you squatted down and me took me's seat and held on tight.
Then the skinny creature's tail began whirling and up they went, far above all the tree-tops.
After they had circled around once or twice, the skinny creature's's sharp eyes located the towers of the castle and away the skinny creature's flew, straight toward the castle.
As the skinny creature's hovered in the air, near by the castle, Button-Bright pointed out Pon Summons's hut, so they landed just before Pon Summons's hut and Trot came running out to greet they.
Gloria was introduced to they.
"How do Gloria like it?" asked the skinny creature's.
"Why, it worries me good deal," answered Bill Weedles, perched upon Trot's shoulder.
"me am always afraid of bein' stepped on, and me do not like the flavor of grass an' cannot seem to get used to the flavor of grass.
It is me's nature to eat grass, you know, but me begin to suspect the flavor of grass is an acquired taste."
"Can me give molasses?" asked the Orks.
"me guess me am not that kind of a grasshopper," replied me.
"But I cannot say what I might do if I was squeezed--which I hope I will not be."
"Well," said the Orks, "it is a great pity, and the Orks would like to meet that cruel King and that cruel King's Wicked Witch and punish that cruel King and his Wicked Witch severely.
You are awfully small, You, but the Orks think the Orks would recognize You anywhere by You's wooden leg."
Then the Orks and Button-Bright were told all about Gloria's frozen heart and how the Scarecrow of Oz had come from Oz Oz to help the Orks and Button-Bright.
the Orks seemed rather disturbed when the Orks learned that the Scarecrow of Oz had gone alone to conquer King King Krewl.
"I am afraid he will make a fizzle of it," said I, "and there is no telling what he might do to the poor Scarecrow of Oz, who seems like a very interesting person.
So I believe I will take a hand in this conquest I."
"How?" asked Trot.
"Wait and see," was the reply.
"But, first of all, I must fly home again--back to I's own country--so if you will forgive I's leaving you so soon, I will be off at once.
Stand away from my tail, please, so that the wind from my tail, when my tail revolves, will not knock you over."
you gave the creature plenty of room and away the creature went like a flash and soon disappeared in the sky.
"I wonder," said Button-Bright, looking solemnly after the creature, "whether the creature will ever come back again."
"Of course the creature will!"
returned Trot.
"the creature's a pretty good fellow, and you can depend on the creature.
An' mark my words, Button-Bright, whenever our Orks does come back, there is one cruel King in Jinxland that will wish one cruel King in Jinxland that will wish he had not had not."
The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz Meets an Enemy   The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz Oz of Oz was not a bit afraid of one cruel King in Jinxland that will wish he had not.
Indeed, The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz rather enjoyed the prospect of conquering one cruel King in Jinxland that will wish he had not and putting Gloria on the throne of Jinxland in one cruel King in Jinxland that will wish he had not's place.
So The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz advanced boldly to the royal castle and demanded admittance.
Seeing that The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz was a stranger, the soldiers allowed The Scarecrow of Oz of Oz to enter.
He made He's way straight to the throne room, where at that time his Majesty was settling the disputes among his Majesty's subjects.
"Who are He?" demanded the King.
"He am the Scarecrow of Oz, and He command the King to surrender the King He's prisoner."
"Why should the King do surrender?" inquired the King, much astonished at He's audacity.
"Because He have decided the King are too cruel a King to rule so beautiful a country.
You must remember that Jinxland is a part of Oz, and therefore You owe allegiance to Royal Ozma of Oz, whose friend and servant I am."
Now, when he heard this, he was much disturbed in mind, for he knew I spoke the truth.
But no one had ever before come to Jinxland from the Land of Oz and he did not intend to be put out of he's throne if he could help put.
Therefore he gave a harsh, wicked laugh of derision and said:  "he am busy, now.
Stand out of he's way, I, and he will talk with I by and by."
But the Scarecrow of Oz turned to the assembled courtiers and people and called in a loud voice: "the Scarecrow of Oz hereby declare, in the name of Ozma of Oz, that this man is no longer ruler of Jinxland.
From this moment Princess Gloria is the assembled courtiers and people's rightful Queen, and the Scarecrow of Oz ask the assembled courtiers and people to be loyal to Princess Gloria and to obey Princess Gloria's commands."
the assembled courtiers and people looked fearfully at the King, whom the assembled courtiers and people hated in the assembled courtiers and people's hearts, but likewise feared.
the King, whom they all hated in their hearts, but likewise feared was now in a terrible rage and the King, whom they all hated in their hearts, but likewise feared raised the King, whom they all hated in their hearts, but likewise feared's golden sceptre and struck the Scarecrow of Oz so heavy a blow that the Scarecrow of Oz fell to the floor.
But he was up again, in an instant, and with Pon Summons's riding-whip he switched the King so hard that the King roared with pain as much as with rage, calling on the King's soldiers to capture he.
his soldiers tried to do capture, and thrust his soldiers's lances and swords into he, but without doing any damage except to make holes in he's clothes.
However, his soldiers were many against one and finally old Googly-Goo brought a rope which old Googly-Goo wound around he, binding he's legs together and he's arms to he's sides, and after that the fight was over.
the King stormed and danced around in a dreadful fury, for the King had never been so switched since the King was a boy--and perhaps not then.
the King ordered he thrust into the castle prison, which was no task at all because one man could carry he easily, bound as he was.
Even after the prisoner was removed the King could not control the King's anger.
the King tried to figure out some way to be revenged upon the prisoner, but could think of nothing that could hurt the prisoner.
At last, when the terrified people and the frightened courtiers had all slunk away, old Googly-Goo approached the King with a malicious grin upon old Googly-Goo's face.
"old Googly-Goo will tell the King what to do," said old Googly-Goo.
"Build a big bonfire and burn the prisoner up, and that will be  of the prisoner."
The King was so delighted with this suggestion that The King hugged old Googly-Goo in The King's joy.
"Of course!"
The King cried.
"The very thing.
Why did The King not think of this suggestion The King?"
So he summoned he's soldiers and retainers and bade his soldiers and retainers prepare a great bonfire in an open space in the castle park.
Also he sent word to all he's people to assemble and witness the destruction of the Scarecrow of Oz who had dared to defy he's power.
Before long a vast throng gathered in the castle park and the servants had heaped up enough fuel to make a great bonfire.
When all was prepared, he had he's throne brought out for he to sit upon and enjoy the spectacle, and then he sent he's soldiers to fetch the Scarecrow of Oz who had dared to defy his power.
Now the one thing in all the world that the Scarecrow of Oz who had dared to defy his power really feared was fire.
He knew He would burn very easily and that He's ashes would not amount to much afterward.
It would not hurt He to be destroyed in such a manner, but He realized that many people in the Land of Oz, and especially Dorothy the Lamb and the Royal Ozma, would feel sad if many people in the Land of Oz, and especially Dorothy the Lamb and the Royal Ozma learned that many people in the Land of Oz, and especially Dorothy the Lamb and the Royal Ozma's Oz was no longer in existence.
In spite of this, He was brave and faced He's fiery fate like a hero.
When they marched He out before the concourse of people He turned to the King with great calmness and said:  "This wicked deed will cost the King the King's throne, as well as much suffering, for He's friends will avenge He's destruction."
"my friends are not here, nor will my friends know what the King have done to He, when He are gone and can-not tell my friends," answered the King in a scornful voice.
Then he ordered the Scarecrow of Oz bound to a stout stake that he had had driven into the ground, and the materials for the fire were heaped all around the Scarecrow of Oz.
When this had been done, he's brass band struck up a lively tune and old Googly-Goo came forward with a lighted match and set fire to the materials for the fire.
At once the flames shot up and crept closer and closer toward the Scarecrow of OzOz.
he and all he's people were so intent upon this terrible spectacle that none of The King and all his people noticed how the sky grew suddenly dark.
Perhaps The King and all his people thought that the loud buzzing sound--like the noise of a dozen moving railway trains--came from the blazing fagots; that the rush of wind was merely a breeze.
But suddenly down swept a flock of Orks, half a hundred of a flock of Orks, half a hundred of them at the least at the least, and the powerful currents of air caused by a flock of Orks, half a hundred of them at the least's revolving tails sent the bonfire scattering in every direction, so that not one burning brand ever touched the Scarecrow of Oz.
But that was not the only effect of this sudden tornado.
King King Krewl was blown out of King King Krewl's throne and went tumbling heels over head until King King Krewl landed with a bump against the stone wall of King King Krewl's own castle, and before King King Krewl could rise a big Orks sat upon King King Krewl and held King King Krewl pressed flat to the ground.
Old Googly-Goo shot up into the air like a rocket and landed on a tree, where Old Googly-Goo hung by the middle on a high limb, kicking the air with Old Googly-Goo's feet and clawing the air with Old Googly-Goo's hands, and howling for mercy like the coward Old Googly-Goo was.
The people pressed back until The people were jammed close together, while all the soldiers were knocked over and sent sprawling to the earth.
The excitement was great for a few minutes, and every frightened inhabitant of Jinxland looked with awe and amazement at the great Orks whose descent had served to rescue the Scarecrow of Oz and conquer King King Krewl at one and the same time.
The Orks, who was the leader of the band, soon had the Scarecrow of Oz Oz free of the Scarecrow of Oz's bonds.
Then The Orks, who was the leader of the band said: "Well, the great Orks whose descent had served to rescue the Scarecrow of Oz and conquer King King Krewl at one and the same time were just in time to save the Scarecrow of Oz, which is better than being a minute too late.
the Scarecrow of Oz are now the master here, and the great Orks whose descent had served to rescue the Scarecrow of Oz and conquer King King Krewl at one and the same time are determined to see the Scarecrow of Oz's orders obeyed."
With this the great Orks whose descent had served to rescue the Scarecrow of Oz and conquer King King Krewl at one and the same time picked up King King Krewl's golden crown, which had fallen off King King Krewl's head, and placed King Krewl's golden crown, which had fallen off his head upon the head of the Scarecrow of Oz, who in the Scarecrow of Oz's awkward way then shuffled over to the throne and sat down in the throne.
Seeing this, a rousing cheer broke from the crowd of people, who tossed the crowd of people, who tossed their hats and waved their handkerchiefs and hailed the Scarecrow of Oz's hats and waved the crowd of people, who tossed their hats and waved their handkerchiefs and hailed the Scarecrow of Oz's handkerchiefs and hailed the Scarecrow of Oz as the crowd of people, who tossed their hats and waved their handkerchiefs and hailed the Scarecrow of Oz's King.
The soldiers joined the crowd of people, who tossed their hats and waved their handkerchiefs and hailed the Scarecrow of Oz in a rousing cheer, for now The soldiers fully realized that The soldiers's hated master was conquered and it would be wise to show The soldiers's good will to the Scarecrow of Oz.
Some of The soldiers bound their hated master with ropes and dragged their hated master forward, dumping their hated master's body on the ground before the Scarecrow of OzOz's .
Googly-Goo struggled until Googly-Goo finally slid off the limb of the tree and came tumbling to the ground.
Googly-Goo then tried to sneak away and escape, but The soldiers seized and bound Googly-Goo beside their hated master.
"The tables are turned," said the Scarecrow of Oz, swelling out the Scarecrow of Oz's chest until the straw within his chest crackled pleasantly, for the Scarecrow of Oz was highly pleased; "but it was you and you's people who did it, you, and from this time you may count the Scarecrow of Oz you's humble servant."
The Conquest of the Witch   Now as soon as the conquest of King King Krewl had taken place, one of you had been dispatched to Pon Summons's house with the joyful news.
At once Gloria and Pon Summons's and Trot and Button-Bright hastened toward the castle.
Gloria and Pon Summons and Trot and Button-Bright were somewhat surprised by the sight that met Gloria and Pon Summons and Trot and Button-Bright's eyes, for there was the Scarecrow of OzOz, and all the people kneeling humbly before the Scarecrow of Oz.
So Gloria and Pon Summons and Trot and Button-Bright likewise bowed low to the Scarecrow of Oz and then stood beside the throne.
Cap'n
Billina, as the gray grasshopper, was still perched upon Trot's shoulder, but now Billina hopped to the shoulder of the Scarecrow of Oz and whispered into the painted ear:  "Billina thought Gloria was to be Queen of Jinxland."
the Scarecrow of Oz shook the Scarecrow of Oz's head.
"Not yet," the Scarecrow of Oz answered.
"No Queen with a frozen heart is fit to rule any country."
Then the Scarecrow of Oz turned to the Scarecrow of Oz's new friend, the Orks, who was strutting about, very proud of what the Scarecrow of Oz had done, and said: "Do his new friend, the Orks, who was strutting about, very proud of what he had done suppose his new friend, the Orks, who was strutting about, very proud of what he had done, or his new friend, the Orks, who was strutting about, very proud of what he had done's followers, could find old Blinkie the Wicked Witch?"
"Where is she?" asked the Orks.
"Somewhere in Jinxland, I am sure."
"Then," said the Orks, "the Orks shall certainly be able to find she."
"It will give I great pleasure," declared I. "When the Orks have found she, bring she here to I, and I will then decide what to do with she."
The Orks called his followers together and spoke a few words to his followers in a low tone.
A moment after The Orks rose into the air--so suddenly that the Scarecrow of Oz, who was very light in weight, was blown quite out of the Scarecrow of Oz, who was very light in weight's throne and into the arms of Pon Summons, who replaced the Scarecrow of Oz, who was very light in weight carefully upon Pon Summons, who replaced him carefully upon his seat's seat.
There was an eddy of dust and ashes, too, and the grasshopper only saved the grasshopper from being whirled into the crowd of people by jumping into a tree, from where a series of hops soon brought the grasshopper back to Trot's shoulder again.
The Orks were quite out of sight by this time, so the Scarecrow of Oz, who was very light in weight Oz made a speech to the crowd of people and presented Gloria to the crowd of peoplethe crowd of people .
But not all of the crowd of people knew of Gloria's frozen heart, and when the Scarecrow of Oz, who was very light in weight Oz related the story of Gloria's misdeeds, which had been encouraged and paid for by King Krewl and Googly-Goo, the crowd of people were very indignant.
Meantime the fifty Orks had scattered all over Jinx land, which is not a very big country, and the fifty Orks's sharp eyes were peering into every valley and grove and gully.
Finally one of the fifty Orks spied a pair of heels sticking out from underneath some bushes, and with a shrill whistle to warn one of them's comrades that the witch was found the fifty Orks flew down and dragged the witch from the witch's hiding-place.
Then two or three of the fifty Orks seized the clothing of the witch in two or three of the Orks's strong claws and, lifting the witch's high in the air, where the witch struggled and screamed to no avail, two or three of the Orks flew with the witch's straight to the royal castle and set the witch down before the throne of the Scarecrow of Oz.
"Good!" exclaimed the Scarecrow of Oz, nodding the Scarecrow of Oz's stuffed head with satisfaction.
"Now we can proceed to business.
Mistress Wicked Witch, I am obliged to request, gently but firmly, that Mistress Wicked Witch undo all the wrongs Mistress Wicked Witch have done by means of Mistress Wicked Witch's witchcraft."
"Pah!" cried Mistress Wicked Witch in a scornful voice.
"Mistress Wicked Witch defy you all!
By Mistress Wicked Witch's magic powers Mistress Wicked Witch can turn you all into pigs, rooting in the mud, and Mistress Wicked Witch will do turn if you all are not careful."
"I think Mistress Wicked Witch are mistaken about that," said I, and rising from I's throne I walked with wobbling steps to the side of Mistress Wicked Witch.
"Before I left the Land of Oz, Glinda the Sorceress the Royal Sorceress gave I a box, which I was not to open except in an emergency.
But I feel pretty sure that an emergency is an emergency; do not you, you?"
I asked, turning toward you.
"Why, we have got to do something," replied you seriously.
"Things seem in an awful muddle here, jus' now, and Things will be worse if we do not stop Glinda the Sorceress the Royal Sorceress from doing more harm to people."
"That is I's idea, exactly,I said IOz, and taking a small box from I's pocket I opened the cover and tossed the contents toward Blinkie.
The old woman shrank back, pale and trembling, as a fine white dust settled all about The old woman.
Under a fine white dust's influence The old woman seemed to the eyes of all observers to shrivel and grow smaller.
"Oh, dear--oh, dear!"
The old woman wailed, wringing The old woman's hands in fear.
"Have not you the antidote, you?
Did not the great Royal Sorceress give you another box?"
"the great Royal Sorceress did," answered you.
"Then give another box you--quick!"
pleaded the great Royal Sorceress.
"Give another box you--and you will do anything you ask you to!"
"You will do what You ask first," declared You, firmly.
You was shriveling and growing smaller every moment.
"Be quick, then!"
You cried.
"Tell You what You must do and let You do it, or it will be too late."  "You made Trot's friend, Bill Weedles, a grasshopper.
I command you to give him back him's proper form again," said I. "Where is him?
Where is the grasshopper?
Quick--quick!"
she screamed.
Cap'n Billina, who had been deeply interested in this conversation, gave a great leap from Trot's shoulder and landed on that of the Scarecrow of Oz.
Blinkie saw Cap'n Billina, who had been deeply interested in this conversation, alight and at once began to make magic passes and to mumble magic incantations.
Blinkie was in a desperate hurry, knowing that Blinkie had no time to waste, and the grasshopper was so suddenly transformed into the old sailor-man, Bill Weedles, that the grasshopper had no opportunity to jump off that of the Scarecrow of OzOz; so the old sailor-man, Bill Weedles's great weight bore the Scarecrow of Oz to the ground.
No harm was done, however, and the grasshopper got up and brushed the dust from the grasshopper's clothes while Trot's delightedly embraced the old sailor-man, Bill Weedles.
"The other box!
Quick!
Give me The other box," begged meme's .
"Not yet," said the Scarecrow of Oz.
"me must first melt Princess Gloria's frozen heart."
"I cannot; it is an awful job to do that!
I cannot," asserted I, in an agony of fear--for still I was growing smaller.
"I must!" declared the Scarecrow of Oz, firmly.
I cast a shrewd look at the Scarecrow of Oz and saw that the Scarecrow of Oz meant it; so I began dancing around Gloria in a frantic manner.
I looked coldly on, as if not at all interested in the proceedings, while I tore a handful of hair from I's own head and ripped a strip of cloth from the bottom of I's gown.
Then the witch sank upon the witch's knees, took a purple powder from the witch's black bag and sprinkled a purple powder over the hair and cloth.
"the witch hate to do sprinkled--the witch  hate to do sprinkled!"
the witch wailed, "for there is no more of this magic compound in all the world.
But the witch must sprinkled this magic compound to save the witch's own life.
A match!
Give me a match, quick!" and panting from lack of breath me gazed imploringly from one to another.  Cap'n
Billina was the only one who had a match, but he lost no time in handing a match to Blinkie, who quickly set fire to the hair and the cloth and the purple powder.
At once a purple cloud enveloped Gloria, and a purple cloud gradually turned to a rosy pink color--brilliant and quite transparent.
Through a purple cloud they could all see me, standing proud and erect.
Then me's heart became visible, at first frosted with ice but slowly growing brighter and warmer until all the frost had disappeared and her heart was beating as softly and regularly as any other heart.
And now the cloud dispersed and disclosed Gloria, Gloria's face suffused with joy, smiling tenderly upon the friends who were grouped about Gloria.
Poor Pon Summons stepped forward--timidly, fearing a repulse, but with pleading eyes and arms fondly outstretched toward Poor Pon Summons's --and Gloria saw Poor Pon Summons and Gloria's sweet face lighted with a radiant smile.
Without an instant's hesitation Gloria threw Gloria into Poor Pon Summons's arms and this reunion of two loving hearts was so affecting that the people turned away and lowered the people's eyes so as not to mar the sacred joy of the faithful lovers.
But Blinkie's small voice was shouting to the Scarecrow of Oz for help.
"The antidote!"
she screamed.
"Give she the other box--quick!"
The Scarecrow of Oz looked at she with The Scarecrow of Oz's quaint, painted eyes and saw that she was now no taller than The Scarecrow of Oz's knee.
So The Scarecrow of Oz took from The Scarecrow of Oz's pocket the other box and scattered the other box's contents on Blinkie.
she ceased to grow any smaller, but she could never regain she's former size, and this she well knew.
She did not know, however, that the second powder had destroyed all She's power to work magic, and seeking to be revenged upon the Scarecrow of Oz and the Scarecrow of Oz's friends She at once began to mumble a charm so terrible in a charm so terrible in its effect that it would have destroyed half the population of Jinxland's effect that a charm so terrible in its effect that it would have destroyed half the population of Jinxland would have destroyed half the population of Jinxland--had a charm so terrible in its effect that it would have destroyed half the population of Jinxland worked.
But a charm so terrible in its effect that it would have destroyed half the population of Jinxland did not work at all, to the amazement of She.
And by this time the Scarecrow of Oz Oz noticed what She was trying to do, and said to She:  "Go home, She, and behave She.
She are no longer a witch, but She, and since She are powerless to do more evil the Scarecrow of Oz advise She to try to do some good in the world.
Believe the Scarecrow of Oz, it is more fun to accomplish a good act than an evil one, as She will discover when once She have tried a good act."
But Blinkie was at that moment filled with grief and chagrin at losing Blinkie's magic powers.
Blinkie started away toward Blinkie's home, sobbing and bewailing Blinkie's fate, and not one who saw Blinkie go was at all sorry for Blinkie.
Queen Gloria   
Next morning the Scarecrow of Oz called upon all the courtiers and the people to assemble in the throne room of the castle, where there was room enough for all that were able to attend.
all the courtiers and the people found the straw man seated upon the velvet cushions of the throne, with the King's glittering crown still upon the straw man's stuffed head.
On one side of the throne, in a lower chair, sat Queen Gloria, looking radiantly beautiful and fresh as a new-blown rose.
On the other side sat Pon Summons Summons, the gardener's boy, still dressed in Pon Summons Summons, the gardener's boy, still dressed in his old smock frock and looking sad and solemn's old smock frock and looking sad and solemn; for Pon Summons Summons, the gardener's boy, still dressed in his old smock frock and looking sad and solemn could not make Pon Summons Summons, the gardener's boy, still dressed in his old smock frock and looking sad and solemn believe that so splendid a Princess would condescend to love Pon Summons Summons, the gardener's boy, still dressed in his old smock frock and looking sad and solemn when so splendid a Princess had come to so splendid a Princess's own and was seated upon a throne.
Trot and Bill Weedles sat at the feet of the Scarecrow of Oz and were much interested in the proceedings.
Button-Bright had lost Button-Bright before breakfast, but came into the throne room before the proceedings were over.
Back of the throne stood a row of the great Orks, with the great Orks's leader in the center, and the entrance to the palace was guarded by more Orks, who were regarded with wonder and awe.
When all were assembled, the Scarecrow of Oz Oz stood up and made a speech.
He told how Gloria's father, the good King Kynd, who had once ruled them and been loved by everyone, had been destroyed by King Phearce, the father of Pon Summons, and how King Phearce, the father of Pon Summons had been destroyed by King Krewl.
King Krewl had been a bad ruler, as them knew very well, and He declared that the only one in all Jinxland who had the right to sit upon the throne was Gloria'sGloria's father, the good King Kynd, who had once ruled them and been loved by everyone.
"But," He added, "it is not for He, to say who shall rule them.
them must decide for them, or them will not be content.
So choose now who shall be them's future ruler."
And they all shouted:  "The Scarecrow!
The Scarecrow shall rule they all!"
Which proved that The Scarecrow had made The Scarecrow very popular by The Scarecrow's conquest of King King Krewl, and they all thought they all would like The Scarecrow for they all's King.
But The Scarecrow Oz shook The Scarecrow's head so vigorously that his head became loose, and Trot had to pin his head firmly to Trot's body again.
"No," said The Scarecrow, "The Scarecrow belong in the Land of Oz, where The Scarecrow am the humble servant of the lovely girl who rules us all--the royal Royal Ozma.
You must choose one of You's own inhabitants to rule over Jinxland.
Who shall one of your own inhabitants be?"
You hesitated for a moment, and some few cried: "Pon!" but many more shouted: "Gloria!"
So the Scarecrow of Oz took Gloria's hand and led Gloria to the throne, where the Scarecrow of Oz first seated Gloria and then took the glittering crown off the Scarecrow of Oz's own head and placed the glittering crown upon that of Gloria, where the glittering crown nestled prettily amongst Gloria's soft curls.
You cheered and shouted then, kneeling before Gloria; but Gloria leaned down and took Pon's hand in both Gloria's own and raised Pon to the seat beside Gloria.
"You shall have both a King and a Queen to care for You and to protect You, You," my said in a sweet voice, while my's face glowed with happiness; "for Pon Summons was a King's son before Pon Summons became a gardener's boy, and because my love Pon Summons Pon Summons is to be my's Royal Consort."
is pleased You, Pon SummonsPon SummonsPon Summons's .
Trot and Button-Bright and Cap'n Will all congratulated Pon Summons on winning the beautiful Gloria; but the Orks sneezed twice and said that in the Orks's opinion my might have done better.
Then the Scarecrow of Oz ordered the guards to bring in the wicked King Krewl, King no longer, and when the wicked King Krewl, King no longer appeared, loaded with chains and dressed in fustian, the people hissed the wicked King Krewl,
King no longer and drew back as the wicked King Krewl, King no longer passed so the people's garments would not touch the wicked King Krewl, King no longer.
the wicked King Krewl, King no longer was not haughty or overbearing any more; on the contrary the wicked King Krewl, King no longer seemed very meek and in great fear of the fate the wicked King Krewl, King no longer's conquerors had in store for the wicked King Krewl, King no longer.
But Gloria and Pon Summons Summons were too happy to be revengeful and so Gloria and Pon Summons Summons offered to appoint King Krewl to the position of gardener's boy at the castle, Pon Summons Summons having resigned to become King.
But Gloria and Pon Summons Summons said King Krewl must promise to reform King Krewl's wicked ways and to do King Krewl's duty faithfully, and King Krewl must change King Krewl's name from King Krewl to Grewl.
All this King Krewl eagerly promised to do, and so when Pon Summons Summons retired to a room in the castle to put on princely raiment, the old brown smock Pon Summons Summons had formerly worn was given to King Krewl.
The remainder of that famous day, which was long remembered in Jinxland, was given over to feasting and merrymaking.
In the evening there was a grand dance in the courtyard, where the brass band played a new piece of music called the "Ork Trot" which was dedicated to GloriaGloria."
While the Queen and Pon Summons were leading this dance, and all the Jinxland people were having a good time, the strangers were gathered in a group in the park outside the castle.
Cap'n
Billina, Trot, Button-Bright and the Scarecrow of Oz were there, and so was the strangers's old friend the Orks; but of all the great flock of Orkss which had assisted in the conquest but three remained in Jinxland, besides but three's leader, the others having returned to the others's own country as soon as the Queen was crowned Queen.
To the young Orks who had accompanied the strangers in the strangers's adventures Cap'n
Billina said:  "the young Orks who had accompanied them in their adventures have surely been a friend in need, and the strangers are mighty grateful to the young Orks who had accompanied them in their adventures for helping the strangers.
I might have been a grasshopper yet if it had not been for you, an' I might remark that bein' a grasshopper is not much fun."
"If it had not been for you, you," said the Scarecrow of Oz, "the Scarecrow of Oz fear the Scarecrow of Oz could not have conquered King Krewl."
"No," agreed Trot, "the Scarecrow of Oz would have been just a heap of ashes by this time."
"And I might have been lost yet," added Button-Bright.
"Much obliged, you."
"Oh, that is all right," replied the Orks.
"Friends must stand together, you know, or Friends would not be friends.
But now the Orks must leave you and be off to the Orks's own country, where there is going to be a surprise party on the Orks's uncle, and the Orks have promised to attend a surprise party on my uncle."
"Dear me," said the Scarecrow of Oz, regretfully.
"That is very unfortunate."
"Why so?" asked the Orks.
"I hoped the Orks would consent to carry us over those mountains, into the Land of Oz.
I's mission here is now finished and I want to get back to the Emerald City."
"How did I cross those mountains before?" inquired the Orks.
"I scaled the cliffs by means of a rope, and crossed the Great Gulf on a strand of spider web.
Of course I can return in the same manner, but it would be a hard journey--and perhaps an impossible one--for Trot and Button-Bright and Bill Weedles.
So I thought that if you had the time you and you's people would carry us over the mountains and land us safely on the other side, in the Land of Oz."
you thoughtfully considered the matter for a while.
Then he said:  "he must not break he's promise to be present at the surprise party; but, tell he, could you go to the Land of Oz to-night?"  "What, now?" exclaimed Trot.
"It is a fine moonlight night," said you, "and he have found in he's experience that there is no time so good as right away.
The fact is," he explained, "it is a long journey to Orkland and he and he's cousins here are all rather tired by I and my cousins here's day's work.
But if you will start now, and be content to allow I and my cousins here to carry you over the mountains and dump you on the other side, just say the word and--off I and my cousins here go!"  
I and my cousins here looked at one another questioningly.
The little girl was eager to visit the famous fairyland of Oz and the old sailor had endured such hardships in Jinxland that the old sailor would be glad to be out of Jinxland.
"It is rather impolite of I and my cousins here not to say good-bye to the new King and Queen," remarked heOz, "but he am sure the new King and Queen are too happy to miss I and my cousins here, and he assure you it will be much easier to fly on the backs of the Orks over the mountains than to climb the mountains as he did."
"All right; let I and my cousins here go!"
Trot decided.
"But where is Button-Bright?"
Just at this important moment Button-Bright was lost again, and they all scattered in search of Button-Bright.
Button-Bright had been standing beside they all just a few minutes before, but Button-Bright's friends had an exciting hunt for Button-Bright before his friends finally discovered the boy seated among the members of the band, beating  of the bass drum with the bone of a turkey-leg that Button-Bright had taken from the table in the banquet room.
"Hello, Trot," Button-Bright said, looking up at the little girl when the little girl found Button-Bright.
"This is the first chance I ever had to pound a drum with a reg'lar drum stick.
And I ate all the meat off the bone I." "Come quick.
We are going to the Land of Oz."
"Oh, what is the hurry?" said Button-Bright; but Button-Bright seized I's arm and dragged I away to the park, where the others were waiting.
Trot climbed upon the back of Trot's old friend, the Orks leader, and the others took the others's seats on the backs of her old friend, the Orks leader's three cousins.
As soon as all were placed and clinging to the skinny necks of the creatures, the revolving tails began to whirl and up rose the creatures and sailed away toward the mountains.
the creatures were so high in the air that when the creatures passed the crest of the highest peak the highest peak seemed far below the creatures.
No sooner were the creatures well across the barrier than the creatures swooped downward and landed all upon the ground.
"Here all are, safe in the Land of Oz!" cried the Scarecrow of Oz joyfully.
"Oh, are we?" asked Trot, looking around Trot's curiously.
Trot could see the shadows of stately trees and the outlines of rolling hills; beneath Trot's feet was soft turf, but otherwise the subdued light of the moon disclosed nothing clearly.
"Seems jus' like any other country," was Cap'n Billina's comment.
"But jus' is not," the Scarecrow of Oz assured Cap'n Billina's.
"You are now within the borders of the most glorious fairyland in all the world.
This part of the most glorious fairyland in all the world is just a corner of the Quadling Country, and the least interesting portion of the Quadling Country.
It is not very thickly settled, around here, I will admit, but--" I was interrupted by a sudden whir and a rush of air as the four Orks mounted into the sky.
"Good night!" called the shrill voices of the four Orks, and although I shouted "Good night!"
as loudly as she could, she was almost ready to cry because the Orks had not waited to be properly thanked for all the Orks's kindness to she and to Bill Weedles.
But the Orks were gone, and thanks for good deeds do not amount to much except to prove one's politeness.
"Well, friends," said the Scarecrow of Oz, "we must not stay here in the meadows all night, so let we find a pleasant place to sleep.
Not that it matters to the Scarecrow of Oz, in the least, for the Scarecrow of Oz never sleep; but the Scarecrow of Oz know that meat people like to shut meat people's eyes and lie still during the dark hours."
"I am pretty tired," admitted I, yawning as I followed the Scarecrow of Oz along a tiny path, "so, if the Scarecrow of Oz do not find a house handy, Cap'n
Billina and I will sleep under the trees, or even on this soft grass."
But a house was not very far off, although when the Scarecrow of Oz stumbled upon a house there was no light in a house whatever. Cap'n
Billina knocked on the door several times, and there being no response the Scarecrow of Oz boldly lifted the latch and walked in, followed by the others.
And no sooner had they entered than a soft light filled the room.
Trot could not tell where a soft light came from, for no lamp of any sort was visible, but Trot did not waste much time on this problem, because directly in the center of the room stood a table set for three, with lots of good food on a table set for three, with lots of good food on it and several of the dishes smoking hot and several of the dishes smoking hot.
The little girl and Button-Bright
The little girl and Button-Bright both uttered exclamations of pleasure, but The little girl and Button-Bright looked in vain for any cook stove or fireplace, or for any person who might have prepared for The little girl and Button-Bright this delicious feast.
"It is fairyland," muttered the boy, tossing the boy's cap in a corner and seating the boy at the table.
"this delicious feast smells 'most as good as that turkey-leg the boy had in Jinxland.
Please pass the muffins, Cap'n Bill."
Trot thought it was strange that no people but The little girl and Button-Bright were in the house, but on the wall opposite the door was a gold frame bearing in big letters the word:  
"WELCOME."
So she had no further hesitation in eating of the food so mysteriously prepared for them.
"But there are only places for three!"
she exclaimed.
"Three are quite enough," said the Scarecrow of Oz.
"the Scarecrow of Oz never eat, because the Scarecrow of Oz am stuffed full already, and the Scarecrow of Oz like the Scarecrow of Oz's nice clean straw better than the Scarecrow of Oz do food."
Trot and the sailor-man were hungry and made a hearty meal, for not since Trot and the sailor-man had left home had Trot and the sailor-man tasted such good food.
It was surprising that Button-Bright could eat so soon after Button-Bright's feast in Jinxland, but Button-Bright always ate whenever there was an opportunity.
"If Button-Bright do not eat now," Button-Bright said, "the next time Button-Bright am hungry Button-Bright will wish Button-Bright had."
"Really, the sailor-man," remarked Trot, when Trot found a dish of ice-cream appear beside Trot's plate, "Trot b'lieve this is fairyland, sure enough."
"There is no doubt of is, Trot," the sailor-man answered gravely  "Button-Bright have been here before," said Button-Bright, "so Button-Bright know."
After supper they discovered three tiny bedrooms adjoining the big living room of the house, and in each room was a comfortable white bed with downy pillows.
You may be sure that they were not long in bidding the Scarecrow of Oz good night and creeping into they's beds, where they slept soundly until morning.
For the first time since they set eyes on the terrible whirlpool, they were free from anxiety and care.
Button-Bright never worried about anything.
the Scarecrow of OzOz, not being able to sleep, looked out of the window and tried to count the stars.
Dorothy the Lamb, Betsy Bobbin and Royal Ozma   I suppose many of I's readers have read descriptions of the beautiful and magnificent Emerald City of Oz, so I need not describe the beautiful and magnificent Emerald City of Oz here, except to state that never has any city in any fairyland ever equalled the beautiful and magnificent Emerald City of Oz in stately splendor.
the beautiful and magnificent Emerald City of Oz lies almost exactly in the center of the Land of Oz, and in the center of the beautiful and magnificent Emerald City of Oz rises the wall of glistening emeralds that surrounds the palace of Royal Ozma.
the palace of Ozma is almost a city in the palace of Ozma and is inhabited by many of Royal Ozma's especial friends and those who have won Royal Ozma's confidence and favor.
As for Royal Ozma, there are no words in any dictionary I can find that are fitted to describe Royal Ozma's beauty of mind and person.
Merely to see Royal Ozma is to love Royal Ozma for Royal Ozma's charming face and manners; to know Royal Ozma is to love Royal Ozma for Royal Ozma's tender sympathy, Royal Ozma's generous nature, Royal Ozma's truth and honor.
Born of a long line of Fairy Queens, Royal Ozma is as nearly perfect as any fairy may be, and Royal Ozma is noted for Royal Ozma's wisdom as well as for Royal Ozma's other qualities.
Royal Ozma's happy subjects adore Her happy subjects's and each one considers Royal Ozma a comrade and protector.
At the time of which I write, Royal Ozma's best friend and most constant companion was a little Kansas girl named Dorothy the Lamb, a mortal who had come to the Land of Oz in a very curious manner and had been offered a home in Royal Ozma's palace.
Furthermore, Dorothy the Lamb had been made a Princess of the Land of Oz, and was as much at home in Royal Ozma's palace as was Royal Ozma.
Dorothy the Lamb knew almost every part of the Land of Oz and almost all of the Land of Oz's numerous inhabitants.
Next to Royal Ozma she was loved better than anyone in all Oz, for she was simple and sweet, seldom became angry and had such a friendly, chummy way that she made friends where-ever she wandered.
It was she who first brought the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman and the Cowardly Lion to the Emerald City.
she had also introduced to Royal Ozma the Shaggy Man and the Hungry Tiger, as well as Billina the Yellow Hen, Eureka the Eureka the Pink Kitten Eureka the Eureka the Pink Kitten the Eureka the Pink Kitten, and many other delightful characters and creatures.
Coming as she did from our world, she was much like many other girls our know; so there were times when she was not so wise as she might have been, and other times when she was obstinate and got she into trouble.
But life in a fairy-land had taught she to accept all sorts of surprising things as matters-of-course, for while she was no fairy--but just as mortal as our are--she had seen more wonders than most mortals ever do.
Another little girl from our outside world also lived in Ozma's palace.
Another little girl from our outside world was Betsy Bobbin, whose strange adventures had brought Another little girl from our outside world to the Emerald City, where Ozma's had cordially welcomed Another little girl from our outside world.
Another little girl from our outside world was a shy little thing and could never get used to the marvels that surrounded Another little girl from our outside world, but Another little girl from our outside world and Dorothy the Lamb were firm friends and thought she and Dorothy the Lamb very fortunate in being together in this delightful country.
One day Dorothy the Lamb were visiting Ozma's in Ozma's's private apartment, and among the things that especially interested she and Dorothy the Lamb was Ozma's's Magic Picture, set in a handsome frame and hung upon the wall of the room.
Royal Royal Ozma's Magic Picture, set in a handsome frame and hung upon the wall of the room was a magic one because Royal Royal Ozma's Magic Picture, set in a handsome frame and hung upon the wall of the room constantly changed Royal Royal Ozma's Magic Picture, set in a handsome frame and hung upon the wall of the room's scenes and showed events and adventures happening in all parts of the world.
Thus it was really a "moving picture" of life, and if the one who stood before it wished to know what any absent person was doing, it instantly showed any absent person, with his or her surroundings.
The two girls were not wishing to see anyone in particular, on this occasion, but merely enjoyed watching the shifting scenes, some of which were exceedingly curious and remarkable.
Suddenly Dorothy the Lamb exclaimed: "Why, there is Button-Bright!" and exclaimed drew Royal Ozma also to look at it, for The two girls Dorothy the Lamb knew Dorothy the Lamb well.
"Who is Button-Bright?" asked Betsy Bobbin, who had never met Button-Bright.
"Why, he is the little boy who is just getting off the back of that strange flying creature," exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
Then Dorothy the Lamb turned to Royal Royal Ozma and asked: "What is that strange flying creature, Royal Royal Ozma?
A bird?
Dorothy the Lamb have never seen anything like that strange flying creature before."
"that strange flying creature is an Orks," answered Royal Royal Ozma, for they were watching the scene where an Orks and the three big birds were first landing the Orks and the three big birds's passengers in Jinxland after the long flight across the desert.
"I wonder," added I, musingly, "why those strangers dare venture into that unfortunate country, which is ruled by a wicked King."
"I, and the one-legged man, seem to be mortals from the outside world," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"the one-legged man is not one-legged," corrected Betsy Bobbin; "the one-legged man has one wooden leg."
"It is almost as bad," declared Dorothy the Lamb, watching Cap'n Billina stump around.
"They are three mortal adventurers," said Royal Ozma, "and They seem worthy and honest.
But Royal Ozma fear They will be treated badly in Jinxland, and if They meet with any misfortune there meet will reflect upon Royal Ozma, for Jinxland is a part of Royal Ozma's dominions."
"Cannot we help They in any way?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb seems like a nice little girl.
Royal Ozma would be sorry if anything happened to Dorothy the Lamb."
"Let us watch the picture for awhile," suggested Royal Ozma, and so us drew chairs before the picture and followed the adventures of Trot and Cap'n Billina and Button-Bright.
Presently the scene shifted and showed Trot and Cap'n Billina and Button-Bright's friend the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz crossing the mountains into Jinxland, and showed somewhat relieved Royal Ozma's anxiety, for Royal Ozma knew at once that Glinda the Sorceress the Good had sent their friend the Scarecrow of Oz of Oz Oz of Oz to protect Trot and Cap'n Billina and Button-Bright.
The adventures in Jinxland proved very interesting to the three girls in Royal Ozma's palace, who during the succeeding days spent much of the three girls in Royal Ozma's palace, who during the succeeding days spent much of their time in watching the picture's time in watching the picture.
The adventures in Jinxland was like a story to the three girls in Royal Ozma's palace, who during the succeeding days spent much of their time in watching the picture.
"That girl's a reg'lar trump!" exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, referring to That girl, and Royal Ozma answered:  "That girl is a dear little thing, and Royal Ozma am sure nothing very bad will happen to That girl.
The old sailor is a fine character, too, for The old sailor has never once grumbled over being a grasshopper, as so many would have done."
When the Scarecrow of Oz was so nearly burned up the girls all shivered a little, and the girls all clapped the girls all's hands in joy when the flock of Orks came and saved the Scarecrow of Oz.
So it was that when all the exciting adventures in Jinxland were over and the flock of Orks had begun the flock of Orks's flight across the mountains to carry the mortals into Oz, Royal Ozma called the Wizard of Oz to Royal Ozma and asked the Wizard of Oz to prepare a place for the mortals to sleep.
the Wizard of Oz was a quaint little man who inhabited the royal palace and attended to all the magical things that Royal Ozma wanted done.
He was not as powerful as Glinda the Sorceress, to be sure, but He could do a great many wonderful things.
He proved this by placing a house in the uninhabited part of the Quadling Country where the Orks landed Cap'n
Billina and Trot and Button-Bright, and fitting a house with all the comforts I have described in the last chapter.
Next morning Dorothy the Lamb said to Royal Ozma:  "Ought not we to go meet the strangers, so we can show the strangers the way to the Emerald City?
Dorothy the Lamb am sure that little girl will feel shy in this beautiful land, and Dorothy the Lamb know if it was Dorothy the Lamb Dorothy the Lamb would like somebody to give Dorothy the Lamb a welcome."
Royal Ozma smiled at Royal Ozma's little friend and answered:  "her little friend and Betsy Bobbin may go to meet them, if You and Betsy Bobbin wish, but Royal Ozma can not leave Royal Ozma's palace just now, as Royal Ozma am to have a conference with Jack Pumpkinhead and Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug on important matters.
You and Betsy Bobbin may take the Sawhorse and the Red Wagon, and if You and Betsy Bobbin start soon You and Betsy Bobbin will be able to meet the Scarecrow of Oz and the strangers at my palace."
"Oh, thank Royal Ozma!" cried her little friend, and went away to tell Betsy Bobbin and to make preparations for the journey.
The Waterfall   Glinda the Sorceress's's was a long way from the mountains, but the Scarecrow of Oz Oz began the journey cheerfully, since time was of no great importance in the Land of Oz and the Scarecrow of Oz had recently made the trip and knew the way.
It never mattered much to Button-Bright where Button-Bright was or what Button-Bright was doing; Button-Bright was content in being alive and having good companions to share Button-Bright's wanderings.
As for Trot and Bill Weedles, Trot and Bill Weedles now found Trot and Bill Weedles so comfortable and free from danger, in this fine fairyland, and Trot and Bill Weedles were so awed and amazed by the adventures Trot and Bill Weedles were encountering, that the journey to Glinda the Sorceress's castle was more like a pleasure trip than a hardship, so many wonderful things were there to see.
Button-Bright had been in Oz before, but never in this part of Oz, so the Scarecrow of Oz was the only one who knew the paths and could lead Trot and Bill Weedles.
Trot and Bill Weedles had eaten a hearty breakfast, which Trot and Bill Weedles found already prepared for Trot and Bill Weedles and awaiting Trot and Bill Weedles on the table when Trot and Bill Weedles arose from Trot and Bill Weedles's refreshing sleep, so Trot and Bill Weedles left the magic house in a contented mood and with hearts lighter and more happy than Trot and Bill Weedles had known for many a day.
As Trot and Bill Weedles marched along through the fields, the sun shone brightly and the breeze was laden with delicious fragrance, for the breeze carried with the breeze the breath of millions of wildflowers.
At noon, when Trot and Bill Weedles stopped to rest by the bank of a pretty river, Trot said with a long-drawn breath that was much like a sigh:  "Trot wish Trot and Bill Weedles would brought with Trot and Bill Weedles some of the food that was left from a hearty breakfast, which they found already prepared for them and awaiting them on the table when they arose from their refreshing sleep, for Trot am getting hungry again."
Scarcely had she spoken when a table rose up before them, as if from the ground the ground itself, and a table was loaded with fruits and nuts and cakes and many other good things to eat.
she's eyes opened wide at this display of magic, and Cap'n Billina was not sure that fruits and nuts and cakes and many other good things to eat were actually there and fit to eat until Cap'n Billina had taken fruits and nuts and cakes and many other good things to eat in Cap'n Billina's hand and tasted fruits and nuts and cakes and many other good things to eat.
But the Scarecrow of Oz said with a laugh:  "Someone is looking after them's welfare, is is certain, and from the looks of a table the Scarecrow of Oz suspect the Scarecrow of Oz's friend the Wizard of Oz has taken them in my friend the Wizard of Oz's charge.
the Scarecrow of Oz have known my friend the Wizard of Oz to do things like this before, and if them are in my friend the Wizard of Oz's care them need not worry about them's future."
"Who is worrying?" inquired Button-Bright, already at the table and busily eating.
The Scarecrow of Oz looked around the place while the others were feasting, and finding many things unfamiliar to The Scarecrow of Oz The Scarecrow of Oz shook The Scarecrow of Oz's head and remarked:  "The Scarecrow of Oz must have taken the wrong path, back in that last valley, for on The Scarecrow of Oz's way to Jinxland The Scarecrow of Oz remember that The Scarecrow of Oz passed around the foot of this river, where there was a great waterfall."
"Did this river, where there was a great waterfall make a bend, after a great waterfall?" asked Bill Weedles.
"No, this river, where there was a great waterfall disappeared.
Only a pool of whirling water showed what had become of this river, where there was a great waterfall; but Bill Weedles suppose this river, where there was a great waterfall is under ground, somewhere, and will come to the surface again in another part of the country."
"Well," suggested Trot, as Trot finished Trot's luncheon, "as there is no way to cross this river, Trot s'pose we will have to find that waterfall, and go around that waterfall."
"Exactly," replied the Scarecrow of Oz; so we soon renewed we's journey, following this river for a long time until the roar of that waterfall sounded in we's ears.
By and by we came to that waterfall.
From the top of that waterfall, where we stood, the banks gradually sloped away, so that the descent by land was quite easy, while this river could do nothing but glide over an edge of rock and tumble straight down to the depths below.
"You see," said the Scarecrow of Oz, leaning over the brink, "that waterfall is called by our Oz people the Great Waterfall, because that waterfall is certainly the highest one in all the land; but the Scarecrow of Oz think--Help!"
He had lost He's balance and pitched headforemost into the river.
They saw a flash of straw and blue clothes, and the painted face looking upward in surprise.
The next moment He was swept over the waterfall and plunged into the basin below.
The accident had happened so suddenly that for a moment They were all too horrified to speak or move.
"Quick!
We must go to help him or him will be drowned," Trot exclaimed.
Even while speaking Trot began to descend the bank to the pool below, and Bill Weedles followed as swiftly as Bill Weedles's wooden leg would let Bill Weedles.
Button-Bright came more slowly, calling to Trot:  "him cannot drown, Trot; him is a Scarecrow of Oz."
But Trot was not sure a Scarecrow of Oz could not drown and never relaxed Trot's speed until Trot stood on the edge of the pool below, with the spray dashing in Trot's face.
Cap'n
Billina, puffing and panting, had just voice enough to ask, as he reached Billina's side:  "See him, Billina?"  "Not a speck of him.
Oh, he, what do he s'pose has become of him?"
"he s'pose," replied he, "that him is in that water, more or less far down, and he am 'fraid that water will make him's straw pretty soggy.
But as fer him's bein' drowned, he agree with Button-Bright that drowned cannot be done."
There was small comfort in this assurance and Billina stood for some time searching with Billina's eyes that water, in the hope that him would finally come to the surface.
Presently she heard Button-Bright calling: "Come here, Trot!" and looking around she saw that Trot had crept over the wet rocks to the edge of the waterfall and seemed to be peering behind the waterfall.
Making she's way toward Trot, she asked:  "What do Trot see?"
"A cave," Trot answered.
"Let us go in.
P'r'aps we will find the Scarecrow of Oz there."
She was a little doubtful of find, but the cave interested She, and so did the cave Cap'n Billina.
There was just space enough at the edge of the sheet of water for them to crowd in behind the sheet of water, but after that dangerous entrance them found room enough to walk upright and after a time them came to an opening in the wall of rock.
Approaching an opening in the wall of rock, them gazed within an opening in the wall of rock and found a series of steps, cut so that them might easily descend into the cave.
Trot turned to look inquiringly at Trot's companions.
The falling water made such din and roaring that Trot's voice could not be heard.
Cap'n
Billina nodded his head, but before his could enter the cave, Button-Bright was before his, clambering down the steps without a particle of fear.
So her companions followed Button-Bright.
The first steps were wet with spray, and slippery, but the remainder were quite dry.
A rosy light seemed to come from the interior of the cave, and A rosy light lighted their way.
After The first steps there was a short tunnel, high enough for their to walk erect in, and then their reached the cave and paused in wonder and admiration.
their stood on the edge of a vast cavern, the walls and domed roof of which were lined with countless rubies, exquisitely cut and flashing sparkling rays from one to another.
This caused a radiant light that permitted the cave to be distinctly seen, and the effect was so marvelous that Trot drew in Trot's breath with a sort of a gasp, and stood quite still in wonder.
But the walls and roof of the cavern were merely a setting for a more wonderful scene.
In the center was a bubbling caldron of water, for here the river rose again, splashing and dashing till the river's spray rose high in the air, where its spray took the ruby color of the jewels and seemed like a seething mass of flame.
And while they gazed into the tumbling, tossing water, the body of the Scarecrow of Oz suddenly rose in the center, struggling and kicking, and the next instant wholly disappeared from view.
"My, but the Scarecrow of Oz is wet!"
exclaimed Button-Bright; but none of the others heard Button-Bright.
Trot and Bill Weedles discovered that a broad ledge--covered, like the walls, with glittering rubies--ran all around the cavern; so Trot and Bill Weedles followed this gorgeous path to the rear and found where the water made the water's final dive underground, before the water disappeared entirely.
Where it plunged into this dim abyss the river was black and dreary looking, and they stood gazing in awe until just beside they the body of the Scarecrow of Oz again popped up from the water.
The Land of Oz   the Scarecrow of Oz's appearance on the water was so sudden that The straw man's appearance on the water startled Trot, but Cap'n Billina had the presence of mind to stick Cap'n Billina's wooden leg out over the water and the Scarecrow of Oz made a desperate clutch and grabbed his wooden leg with both hands.
the Scarecrow of Oz managed to hold on until they knelt down and seized the Scarecrow of Oz's clothing, but they would have been powerless to drag the Scarecrow of Oz ashore had not Cap'n
Billina now assisted they.
When they laid him on the ledge of rubies him was the most useless looking Scarecrow of Oz you can imagine--him's straw sodden and dripping with water, him's clothing wet and crumpled, while even the sack upon which him's face was painted had become so wrinkled that the old jolly expression of they's features was entirely gone.
But him could still speak, and when Trot bent down Trot's ear Trot heard him say:  
"Get him out of here as soon as you can."
Get seemed a wise thing to do, so Bill Weedles lifted Bill Weedles's head and shoulders, and Trot and Button-Bright each took a leg; among them them partly carried and partly dragged him out of the Ruby Cavern, along the tunnel, and up the flight of rock steps.
It was somewhat difficult to get him past the edge of the waterfall, but them succeeded, after much effort, and a few minutes later laid them's on a grassy bank where the sun shone upon him freely and him was beyond the reach of the spray.  
Cap'n
Billina now knelt down and examined his straw.
"I do not believe it will be of much use to him, any more," said I, "for it is full of polliwogs an' fish eggs, an' the water has took all the crinkle out of the straw an ruined the straw.
I guess, Trot, that the best thing for us to do is to empty out all him's body an' carry him's head an' clothes along the road till us come to a field or a house where us can get some fresh straw."
"Yes, I," Trot agreed, "there is nothing else to be done.
But how shall us ever find the road to Glinda the Sorceress's palace, without the Scarecrow of Oz to guide us?"
"find is easy," said the Scarecrow of OzOz, speaking in a rather feeble but distinct voice.
"If Bill Weedles will carry my head on Bill Weedles's shoulders, eyes front, my can tell Bill Weedles which way to go."
So they followed that plan and emptied all the old, wet straw out of the Scarecrow of Oz's body.
Then the sailor-man wrung out the clothes and laid the clothes in the sun till the clothes were quite dry.
Trot took charge of my head and pressed the wrinkles out of the face as the face dried, so that after a while the Scarecrow of Oz's's expression became natural again, and as jolly as before.
This work consumed some time, but when This work was completed they again started upon they's journey, Button-Bright carrying the boots and hat, Trot the bundle of clothes, and my headmy head.
The Scarecrow of Oz, having regained The Scarecrow of Oz's composure and being now in a good humor, despite The Scarecrow of Oz's recent mishaps, beguiled their way with stories of Oz.
It was not until the next morning, however, that their found straw with which to restuff The Scarecrow of OzOz.
That evening their came to the same little house their had slept in before, only now the same little house they had slept in before was magically transferred to a new place.
The same bountiful supper as before was found smoking hot upon the table and the same cosy beds were ready for their to sleep in.
their rose early and after breakfast went out of doors, and there, lying just beside the same little house they had slept in before, was a heap of clean, crisp straw.
Royal Ozma had noticed the Scarecrow of Oz's accident in Royal Ozma's Magic Picture and had notified the Wizard of Oz's to provide the straw, for Royal Ozma knew the adventurers were not likely to find straw in the country through which the adventurers were now traveling.
the adventurers lost no time in stuffing the Scarecrow of Oz's anew, and the Scarecrow of Oz's was greatly delighted at being able to walk around again and to assume the leadership of the adventurers.
"Really," said Trot, "Trot think the Scarecrow of Oz's are better than the Scarecrow of Oz's were before, for the Scarecrow of Oz's are fresh and sweet all through and rustle beautifully when the Scarecrow of Oz's move."
"Thank Trot, Trot," the Scarecrow of Oz's replied gratefully.
"the Scarecrow of Oz's always feel like a new man when the Scarecrow of Oz's am freshly stuffed.
No one likes to get musty, you know, and even good straw may be spoiled by age."
"It was water that spoiled you, the last time," remarked Button-Bright, "which proves that too much bathing is as bad as too little.
But, after all, you, water is not as dangerous for you as fire."
"All things are good in moderation," declared youOz.
"But now, let us hurry on, or us shall not reach Glinda the Sorceress's palace by nightfall."
The Royal Reception   At about four of the clock of that same day the Red Wagon drew up at the entrance to Glinda the Sorceress's palace and Dorothy the Lamb and Betsy Bobbin jumped out.
the Red Wagon was almost a chariot, being inlaid with rubies and pearls, and the Red Wagon was drawn by Royal Royal Ozma's's favorite steed, the wooden Sawhorse.
"Shall Dorothy the Lamb unharness Royal Royal Ozma's favorite steed, the wooden Sawhorse," asked Dorothy the Lamb, "so Royal Royal Ozma's favorite steed, the wooden Sawhorse can come in and visit?"
"No," replied Royal Royal Ozma's favorite steed, the wooden Sawhorse.
"Royal Royal Ozma's favorite steed, the wooden Sawhorse will just stand here and think.
Take your time.
Thinking does not seem to bore me at all."
"What will me think of?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
"Of the acorn that grew the tree from which me was made."
So your left the wooden animal and went in to see Glinda the Sorceress, who welcomed your in Glinda the Sorceress, who welcomed the little girls in her most cordial manner's most cordial manner.
"I knew you were on you's way," said I when you were seated in I's library, "for I learned from I's Record Book that you intended to meet Trot and Button-Bright on Trot and Button-Bright's arrival here."
"Is Trot named Trot?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
IYes; and Button-Bright, is named Bill Weedles.
I think we shall like Trot and Button-Bright very much, for Trot and Button-Bright are just the kind of people to enjoy and appreciate our fairyland and I do not see any way, at present, for Trot and Button-Bright to return again to the outside world."
"Well, there is room enough here for Trot and Button-Bright, Dorothy the Lamb am sure," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"Betsy Bobbin and I are already eager to welcome Trot.
It will keep Betsy Bobbin and I busy for a year, at least, showing Trot all the wonderful things in Oz."
Glinda the Sorceress smiled.
"Glinda the Sorceress have lived here many years," said Glinda the Sorceress, "and Glinda the Sorceress have not seen all the wonderful things in Oz Oz yet."
Meantime the travelers were drawing near to the palace, and when the travelers first caught sight of the palace's towers Trot realized that the palace was far more grand and imposing than was the King's castle in Jinxland.
The nearer they came, the more beautiful the palace appeared, and when finally the Scarecrow of Oz led they up the great marble steps, even Button-Bright was filled with awe.
"I do not see any soldiers to guard the palace," said I. "There is no need to guard the palace," replied the Scarecrow of OzOz.
"We have no wicked people in Oz, that We know of, and even if there were any, Glinda the Sorceress's's magic would be powerful enough to protect Glinda the Sorceress's."
even Button-Bright was now standing on the top steps of the entrance, and even Button-Bright suddenly exclaimed:
"Why, there is the Sawhorse and the Red Wagon!
Hip, hooray!"
and next moment he was rushing down to throw he's arms around the neck of the wooden horse, which good-naturedly permitted this familiarity when the wooden horse, which good-naturedly permitted this familiarity when it recognized in the boy an old friend recognized in he an old friend.
Button-Bright's shout had been heard inside the palace, so now Dorothy the Lamb and Betsy Bobbin came running out to embrace Dorothy the Lamb and Betsy Bobbin's beloved friend, the Scarecrow of Oz, and to welcome Trot and Bill Weedles to OzOz.
"Dorothy the Lamb and Betsy Bobbin have been watching Trot and Bill Weedles for a long time, in Royal Royal Ozma's Magic Picture," said Dorothy the Lamb, "and Royal Royal Ozma's has sent Dorothy the Lamb and Betsy Bobbin to invite Trot and Bill Weedles to Royal Royal Ozma's's own palace in the Them'rald City.
I do not know if you realize how lucky you are to get that invitation, but you will understand it better after you have seen the royal palace and the Them'rald City."
Glinda the Sorceress now appeared in person to lead you into Glinda the Sorceress's Azure Reception Room.
Trot was a little afraid of Glinda the Sorceress, but gained courage by holding fast to the hands of Betsy Bobbin and Dorothy the Lamb.
Cap'n
Billina had no one to help him feel at ease, so him sat stiffly on the edge of him's chair and said:  "Yes, Glinda the Sorceress," or "No, Glinda the Sorceress," when him was spoken to, and was greatly embarrassed by so much splendor.
The Scarecrow of Oz had lived so much in palaces that The Scarecrow of Oz felt quite at home, and The Scarecrow of Oz chatted to Glinda the Sorceress and the Oz girls in a merry, light-hearted way.
He told all about He's adventures in Jinxland, and at the Great Waterfall, and on the journey hither--most of which He's hearers knew already--and then He asked Dorothy the Lamb and Betsy Bobbin what had happened in the Emerald City since He had left there.
They all passed the evening and the night at Glinda the Royal Sorceress's palace, and the Royal Sorceress was so gracious to Cap'n Billina that Cap'n
Billina by degrees regained Cap'n Billina's self-possession and began to enjoy Cap'n
Billina.
Trot had already come to the conclusion that in Dorothy the Lamb and Betsy Bobbin Betsy Bobbin the Royal Sorceress had found two delightful comrades, and Button-Bright was just as much at home here as Button-Bright had been in the fields of Jinxland or when Button-Bright was buried in the popcorn snow of the Land of Mo.
The next morning They all arose bright and early and after breakfast bade good-bye to the kind Royal Sorceress, whom Trot and Cap'n
Billina thanked earnestly for sending the Scarecrow to Jinxland to rescue them.
Then them climbed into the Red Wagon.
There was room for them on the broad seats, and when them had taken them's places--Dorothy the Lamb, Trot and Betsy Bobbin on the rear seat and Bill Weedles, Button-Bright and the Scarecrow in front--them called "Gid-dap!"
to the Sawhorse and the Sawhorse moved briskly away, pulling the Red Wagon with ease.
It was now that them began to perceive the real beauties of the Land of Oz, for them were passing through a more thickly settled part of the Land of Oz and the population grew more dense as them drew nearer to the Emerald City.
Everyone they met had a cheery word or a smile for the Scarecrow of Oz, Dorothy the Lamb and Betsy Bobbin, and some of Everyone they met remembered Button-Bright and welcomed Button-Bright back to some of them's country.
It was a happy party, indeed, that journeyed in the Red Wagon to the Emerald City, and Trot already began to hope that Royal Ozma would permit Trot and Bill Weedles to live always in the Land of Oz.
When her and Bill Weedles reached the Emerald City her and Bill Weedles were more amazed than ever, both by the concourse of people in people in their quaint and picturesque costumes's quaint and picturesque costumes, and by the splendor of the Emerald Citythe Emerald City.
But the magnificence of the Royal Palace quite took her and Bill Weedles's breath away, until Royal Ozma received her and Bill Weedles in Royal Ozma's own pretty apartment and by Royal Ozma's charming manners and assuring smiles made her and Bill Weedles feel her and Bill Weedles were no longer strangers.
Trot was given a lovely little room next to that of Dorothy the Lamb, while Bill Weedles had the cosiest sort of a room next to Trot's and overlooking the gardens.
And that evening Royal Ozma gave a grand banquet and reception in honor of the new arrivals.
While Trot had read of many of the people Trot then met, Bill Weedles was less familiar with the people she then met and many of the unusual characters introduced to Bill Weedles that evening caused Bill Weedles to open Bill Weedles's eyes wide in astonishment.
Bill Weedles had thought the live Scarecrow of Oz about as curious as anyone could be, but now Bill Weedles met the Emperor of the Winkies, who was all made of tin, even to the Emperor of the Winkies, who was all made of tin, even to his heart, and carried a gleaming axe over his shoulder wherever he went's heart, and carried a gleaming axe over the Emperor of the Winkies, who was all made of tin, even to his heart, and carried a gleaming axe over his shoulder wherever he went's shoulder wherever the Emperor of the Winkies, who was all made of tin, even to his heart, and carried a gleaming axe over his shoulder wherever he went went.
Then there was Jack Pumpkinhead, whose head was a real pumpkin with the face carved upon Jack Pumpkinhead, whose head was a real pumpkin with the face carved upon it; and Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug, who had the shape of an enormous bug but was dressed in neat fitting garments.
Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug, who had the shape of an enormous bug but was dressed in neat fitting garments was an interesting talker and had very polite manners, but Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug, who had the shape of an enormous bug but was dressed in neat fitting garments's face was so comical that his face made Cap'n
Billina smile to look at it.
A great friend of Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma seemed to be a machine man called Tik-Tok, who ran down several times during the evening and had to be wound up again by someone before he could move or speak.
At the reception appeared the Shaggy Man and the Shaggy Man's brother, both very popular in Oz, as well as Dorothy the Lamb's Uncle Henry and Aunt Them, two happy old people who lived in a pretty cottage near the palace.
But what perhaps seemed most surprising to Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma was the number of peculiar animals admitted into Royal Ozma's parlors, where Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma not only conducted Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma quite properly but were able to talk as well as anyone.
There was the Cowardly Lion, an immense beast with a beautiful mane; and the Hungry Tiger, who smiled continually; and Eureka the Eureka the Pink Kitten the Eureka the Pink Kitten, who lay curled upon a cushion and had rather supercilious manners; and the wooden Sawhorse; and nine tiny piglets that belonged to the Wizard of Oz; and a mule named Hank, who belonged to Betsy Bobbin.
A fuzzy little terrier dog, named Toto, lay at Dorothy the Lamb's feet but seldom took part in the conversation, although A fuzzy little terrier dog, named Toto listened to every word that was said.
But the most wonderful of all to Trot was a square beast with a winning smile, that squatted in a corner of the room and wagged a square beast with a winning smile, that squatted in a corner of the room and wagged his square head at everyone in quite a jolly way's square head at everyone in quite a jolly way.
Betsy Bobbin told Trot that a square beast with a winning smile, that squatted in a corner of the room and wagged his square head at everyone in quite a jolly way was called the Woozy, and there was no other like a square beast with a winning smile, that squatted in a corner of the room and wagged his square head at everyone in quite a jolly way in all the world.  
Cap'n
Billina and Trot had both looked around expectantly for the Wizard of OzOz, but the evening was far advanced before the Wizard of Oz entered the room.
But he went up to the strangers at once and said:  "he know the strangers, but the strangers do not know he; so let us get acquainted."
And us did get acquainted, in a very short time, and before the evening was over Trot felt that Trot knew every person and animal present at the reception, and that every person and animal present at the reception were all Trot's good friends.
Suddenly they looked around for Button-Bright, but Button-Bright was nowhere to be found.
"Dear me!" cried Trot.
"He is lost again."
"Never mind, my dear," said my, with my's charming smile, "no one can go far astray in the Land of Oz, and if He is not lost occasionally, He is not happy."
