On the east edge of the Land of Oz, in the Munchkin Country, is a big, tall hill called Mount Munch.
One one side, the bottom of a big, tall hill called Mount Munch just touches the Deadly Sandy Desert that separates the Land of Oz from all the rest of the world, but on the other side, a big, tall hill called Mount Munch touches the Munchkin Country.
The Munchkin folks, however, merely stand off and look at a big, tall hill called Mount Munch and know very little about a big, tall hill called Mount Munch; for, about a third of the way up, a big, tall hill called Mount Munch's sides become too steep to climb, and if any people live upon the top of a big, tall hill called Mount Munch, The Munchkin folks are not aware of live.
But people DO live there, just the same.
the top of that great towering peak that seems to reach nearly to the skies is shaped like a saucer, broad and deep, and in a saucer are fields where grains and vegetables grow, and flocks are fed, and brooks flow and trees bear all sorts of things.
There are houses scattered here and there, each having each's family of Hyups, as the people call the people.
the people seldom go down the mountain, for the same reason that the Munchkins never climb up: the sides are too steep.
In one of houses lived a wise old Hyup named Bini Aru, who used to be a clever Sorcerer.
But Royal Ozma of Oz, who rules everyone in the Land of Oz, had made a decree that no one should practice magic in Royal Ozma of Oz, who rules everyone in the Land of Oz's dominions except Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz, and when Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress sent this royal command to the people by means of a strong-winged Eagle, a wise old Hyup named Bini Aru, who used to be a clever Sorcerer at once stopped performing magical arts.
a wise old Hyup named Bini Aru, who used to be a clever Sorcerer destroyed many of a wise old Hyup named Bini Aru, who used to be a clever Sorcerer's magic powders and tools of magic, and afterward honestly obeyed a decree that no one should practice magic in her dominions except Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress and the Wizard of Oz.
He had never seen Royal Ozma, but He knew Royal Ozma was He's Ruler and must be obeyed.
There was only one thing that grieved He.
He had discovered a new and secret method of transformations that was unknown to any other Sorcerer.
Glinda the Sorceress did not know a new and secret method of transformations that was unknown to any other Sorcerer, nor did the little Wizard of Oz, nor the little Wizard of Oz nor old Mombi, nor anyone else who dealt in magic arts.
a new and secret method of transformations that was unknown to any other Sorcerer was He's own secret.
By its means, it was the simplest thing in the world to transform anyone into beast, bird or fish, or anything else, and back again, once you know how to pronounce the mystical word: "Pyrzqxgl."
Bini Aru had used this secret many times, but not to cause evil or suffering to others.
When Bini Aru had wandered far from home and was hungry, Bini Aru would say: "Bini Aru want to become a cow--Pyrzqxgl!"
In an instant Bini Aru would be a cow, and then Bini Aru would eat grass and satisfy Bini Aru's hunger.
All beasts and birds can talk in the Land of Oz, so when a cow was no longer hungry, a cow would say: "a cow want to be Bini Aru again: Pyrzqxgl!" and the mystical word: "Pyrzqxgl, would instantly restore Bini Aru to Bini Aru's proper form.
Now, of course, I would not dare to write down this magic word so plainly if I thought I's readers would pronounce this magic word properly and so be able to transform my readers and others, but it is a fact that no one in all the world except Bini Aru, had ever (up to the time this story begins) been able to pronounce this magic word the right way, so I think it is safe to give this magic word to you.
It might be well, however, in reading this story aloud, to be careful not to pronounce Pyrzqxgl the proper way, and thus avoid all danger of the secret being able to work mischief.
Bini Aru, having discovered this magic word, was reluctant to have this magic word entirely unknown or lost to all human knowledge.
Bini Aru decided not to use this magic word again, since Royal Royal Ozma had forbidden Bini Aru to do so, but Bini Aru reflected that Royal Royal Ozma was a girl and some time might change Royal Royal Ozma's mind and allow Royal Royal Ozma's subjects to practice magic, in which case Bini Aru could again transform Bini Aru and others at will,--unless, of course, Bini Aru forgot how to pronounce Pyrzqxgl in the meantime.
After giving the matter careful thought, he decided to write the word, and how the word should be pronounced, in some secret place, so that he could find the word after many years, but where no one else could ever find the word.
write was a clever idea, but what bothered he was to find a secret place.
he wandered all over the Saucer at the top of Mount Munch, but found no place in which to write the word where others might not be likely to stumble upon the word.
So finally he decided the word must be written somewhere in he's own house.
he had a wife named Mopsi Aru who was famous for making fine huckleberry pies, and he had a son named Kiki Aru who was not famous at all.
He was noted as being cross and disagreeable because He was not happy, and He was not happy because He wanted to go down the mountain and visit the big world below and He's father would not let He.
No one paid any attention to He, because He did not amount to anything, anyway.
Once a year there was a festival on Mount Munch which all the Hyups attended.
a festival was held in the center of the saucer-shaped country, and the day was given over to feasting and merry-making.
The young folks danced and sang songs; the women spread the tables with good things to eat, and the men played on musical instruments and told fairy tales.
Kiki Aru usually went to these festivals with Kiki Aru's parents, and then sat sullenly outside the circle and would not dance or sing or even talk to the other young people.
So the festival did not make Kiki Aru any happier than other days, and this time Kiki Aru told Bini Aru and Mopsi Aru that Kiki Aru would not go.
Kiki Aru would rather stay at home and be unhappy all by Kiki Aru, Kiki Aru said, and so Bini Aru and Mopsi Aru gladly let Kiki Aru stay.
But after Kiki Aru was left alone Kiki Aru decided to enter Kiki Aru's father's private room, where Kiki Aru was forbidden to go, and see if Kiki Aru could find any of the magic tools Bini Aru used to work with when Bini Aru practiced sorcery.
As Kiki Aru went in Kiki Aru stubbed Kiki Aru's toe on one of the floor boards.
He searched everywhere but found no trace of He's father's magic.
All had been destroyed.
Much disappointed, He started to go out again when He stubbed He's toe on the same floor board.
stubbed set He thinking.
Examining the same floor board more closely, He found the same floor board had been pried up and then nailed down again in such a manner that the same floor board was a little higher than the other boards.
But why had his father taken up the board?
Had his father hidden some of his father's magic tools underneath the floor?
Kiki Aru got a chisel and pried up the board, but found nothing under the board.
Kiki Aru was just about to replace the board when the board slipped from Kiki Aru's hand and turned over, and Kiki Aru saw something written on the underside of the board.
The light was rather dim, so Kiki Aru took the board to the window and examined the board, and found that something written described exactly how to pronounce the magic word Pyrzqxgl, which would transform anyone into anything instantly, and back again when the word was repeated.
Now, at first, Kiki Aru did not realize what a wonderful secret Kiki Aru had discovered; but Kiki Aru thought it might be of use to Kiki Aru and so Kiki Aru took a piece of paper and made on a piece of paper an exact copy of the instructions for pronouncing Pyrzqxgl.
Then Kiki Aru folded a piece of paper and put a piece of paper in Kiki Aru's pocket, and replaced the board in the floor so that no one would suspect the board had been removed.
After this Kiki Aru went into the garden and sitting beneath a tree made a careful study of a piece of paper.
Kiki Aru had always wanted to get away from Mount Munch and visit the big world--especially the Land of Oz--and the idea now came to Kiki Aru that if Kiki Aru could transform Kiki Aru into a bird, Kiki Aru could fly to any place Kiki Aru wished to go and fly back again whenever Kiki Aru cared to.
It was necessary, however, to learn by heart the way to pronounce Pyrzqxgl, because a bird would have no way to carry a paper with a bird, and Kiki Aru would be unable to resume Kiki Aru's proper shape if Kiki Aru forgot Pyrzqxgl or Pyrzqxgl's pronunciation.
So he studied it a long time, repeating it a hundred times in he's mind until he was sure he would not forget it.
But to make safety doubly sure he placed the paper in a tin box in a neglected part of the garden and covered a tin box in a neglected part of the garden with small stones.
By this time it was getting late in the day and he wished to attempt he's first transformation before he's parents returned from the festival.
So he stood on the front porch of he's home and said:  "he want to become a big, strong bird, like a hawk--Pyrzqxgl!"
he pronounced it the right way, so in a flash he felt that he was completely changed in form.
He flapped He's wings, hopped to the porch railing and said: "Caw-oo!
Caw-oo!"
Then He laughed and said half aloud: "He suppose that is the funny sound this sort of a bird makes.
But now let He try his wings and see if He am strong enough to fly across the desert."
For He had decided to make He's first trip to the country outside the Land of Oz.
He had stolen this secret of transformation and He knew He had disobeyed the law of Oz by working magic.
Perhaps Glinda the Sorceress or the Wizard of Oz would discover He and punish He, so it would be good policy to keep away from Oz altogether.
Slowly Kiki Aru rose into the air, and resting on Kiki Aru's broad wings, floated in graceful circles above the saucer-shaped mountain-top.
From Kiki Aru's height, Kiki Aru could see, far across the burning sands of the Deadly Desert, another country that might be pleasant to explore, so Kiki Aru headed another country that might be pleasant to explore, and with strong, steady strokes of his broad wings, began the long flight.
Even a hawk has to fly high in order to cross the Deadly Desert.
Kiki Aru felt sick and faint by the time Kiki Aru reached good land again, for Kiki Aru could not quite escape the effects of the poisons.
But the fresh air soon restored Kiki Aru and Kiki Aru alighted in a broad table-land which is called Hiland.
Just beyond a broad table-land which is called Hiland is a valley known as Loland, and these two countries are ruled by the Gingerbread Man, Gingerbread Man, with Chick the Cherub as the Gingerbread Man, Gingerbread Man, with Chick the Cherub as his Prime Minister's Prime Minister.
Kiki Aru merely stopped here long enough to rest, and then Kiki Aru flew north and passed over a fine country called Merryland, which is ruled by a lovely Wax Doll.
Then, following the curve of the Desert, Kiki Aru turned north and settled on a tree-top in the Kingdom of Noland.
Kiki Aru was tired by this time, and the sun was now setting, so Kiki Aru decided to remain here till morning.
From Kiki Aru's tree-top Kiki Aru could see a house near by, which looked very comfortable.
A man was milking a cow in the yard and a pleasant-faced woman came to the door and called Kiki Aru to supper.
called made Kiki Aru wonder what sort of food hawks ate.
Kiki Aru felt hungry, but did not know what to eat or where to get it.
Also he thought a bed would be more comfortable than a tree-top for sleeping, so he hopped to the ground and said: "he want to become Kiki Aru again--Pyrzqxgl!"
Instantly he had resumed he's natural shape, and going to the house, he knocked upon the door and asked for some supper.
"Who are he?" asked the man of the house.
"A stranger from the Land of Oz," replied he.
"Then he are welcome," said the man of the house.
Kiki Aru was given a good supper and a good bed, and Kiki Aru behaved very well, although Kiki Aru refused to answer all the questions the good people of Noland asked Kiki Aru.
Having escaped from Kiki Aru's home and found a way to see the world, Kiki Aru was no longer unhappy, and so Kiki Aru was no longer cross and disagreeable.
the good people of Noland thought Kiki Aru a very respectable person and gave Kiki Aru breakfast next morning, after which Kiki Aru started on Kiki Aru's way feeling quite contented.
Having walked for an hour or two through Noland, Kiki Aru decided Kiki Aru could travel faster and see more as a bird, so Kiki Aru transformed Kiki Aru into a white dove and visited the great city of Nole and saw King Bud's palace and gardens and many other places of interest.
Then Kiki Aru flew westward into the Kingdom of Ix, and after a day in Queen Queen Zixi of the Kingdom of Ix went on westward into the Land of Ev.
Every place he visited he thought was much more pleasant than the saucer-country of the Hyups, and he decided that when he reached the finest country of all he would settle there and enjoy he's future life to the utmost.
In the land of Ev he resumed he's own shape again, for the cities and villages were close together and he could easily go on foot from one to another of the cities and villages.
Toward evening he came to a good Inn and asked the inn-keeper if he could have food and lodging.
"he can if he have the money to pay," said the inn-keeper, "otherwise he must go elsewhere."
This surprised he, for in the land of Ev they do not use money at all, everyone being allowed to take what everyone wishes without price.
He had no money, therefore, and so He turned away to seek hospitality elsewhere.
Looking through an open window into one of the rooms of the Inn, as He passed along, He saw an old man counting on a table a big heap of gold pieces, which He thought to be money.
One of gold pieces, which Kiki Aru thought to be money would buy an old man supper and a bed, He reflected, so He transformed He into a magpie and, flying through an open window, caught up one of gold pieces, which Kiki Aru thought to be money in He's beak and flew out again before an old man could interfere.
Indeed, an old man was quite helpless, for an old man dared not leave a big heap of gold pieces, which Kiki Aru thought to be money to chase He, and before an old man could place a big heap of gold pieces, which Kiki Aru thought to be money in a sack in an old man's pocket He was out of sight and to seek a big heap of gold pieces, which Kiki Aru thought to be money would be folly.
He flew to a group of trees and, dropping one of the gold pieces to the ground, resumed He's proper shape, and then picked up a big heap of gold pieces, which Kiki Aru thought to be money and put a big heap of gold pieces, which Kiki Aru thought to be money in He's pocket.
"You will be sorry for this!"
exclaimed a small voice just over You's head.
You looked up and saw that a sparrow, perched upon a branch, was watching You.
"Sorry for what?"
You demanded.
"Oh, a sparrow, perched upon a branch saw the whole thing," asserted a sparrow, perched upon a branch.
"I saw you look in the window at the gold, and then make you into a magpie and rob the poor man, and then I saw you fly here and make the bird into you's former shape.
That is magic, and magic is wicked and unlawful; and you stole money, and stole is a still greater crime.
you will be sorry, some day."
"you do not care," replied you, scowling.
"Are not you afraid to be wicked?" asked I.
"No, I did not know I was being wicked," said I, "but if I was, I am glad of being.
I hate good people.
I have always wanted to be wicked, but I did not know how."
"Haw, haw, haw!" laughed someone behind I, in a big voice; "that is the proper spirit, someone behind him's !
someone behind him am glad someone behind him have met I; shake hands."
The sparrow gave a frightened squeak and flew away.
Kiki Aru turned around and saw a queer old man standing near.
a queer old man did not stand straight, for a queer old man was crooked.
a queer old man had a fat body and thin legs and arms.
a queer old man had a big, round face with bushy, white whiskers that came to a point below a queer old man's waist, and white hair that came to a point on top of a queer old man's head.
He wore dull-gray clothes that were tight fitting, and He's pockets were all bunched out as if stuffed full of something.
"I did not know He were here," said I. "He did not come until after I did," said He.
"Who are He?" asked I. "He's name's Roquat of the Rocks.
I used to be the Nome King; but I got kicked out of I's country, and now I am a wanderer."
"What made them kick I out?" inquired the Hyup boy.
IWell, it is the fashion to kick kings nowadays.
I was a pretty good King--to I--but them would not let I alone.
So I had to abdicate."
"What does that mean?"
"that means to be kicked out.
But let us talk about something pleasant.
Who are you and where did you come from?you
"you am called Kiki Aru.
I used to live on Mount Munch in the Land of Oz, but now I am a wanderer like yourself."
yourself gave I a shrewd look.
"yourself heard that bird say that I transformed I into a magpie and back again.
Is transformed true?"
I hesitated, but saw no reason to deny transformed.
He felt that it would make He appear more important.
"Well--yes," He said.
"Then He are a wizard?"
"No; He only understand transformations," He admitted.
"Well, that is pretty good magic, anyhow," declared He.
"I used to have some very fine magic, I, but I's enemies took some very fine magic away from I. Where are I going now?"
"I am going into the inn, to get some supper and a bed," said I. "Have I the money to pay for some supper and a bed?" asked the Nomes.
"I have one gold piece."
"Which you stole.
Very good.
And you are glad that you are wicked.
Better yet.
I like you, you, and I will go to the inn with you if you will promise not to eat eggs for supper."
"Do not you like eggs?" asked Kiki Aru.
"you am afraid of eggs; eggs are dangerous!" said you, with a shudder.
"All right," agreed Kiki Aru; "Kiki Aru will not ask for eggs."
"Then come along," said the Nomes.
When they entered the inn, the landlord scowled at Kiki Aru and said:  "the landlord told Kiki Aru the landlord would not feed Kiki Aru unless Kiki Aru had money."
Kiki Aru showed him the gold piece.
"And how about you?" asked him, turning to you.
"Have you money?"
"you have something better," answered you, and taking a bag from one of you's pockets you poured from a bag upon the table a mass of glittering gems--diamonds, rubies and emeralds.
him was very polite to the strangers after that.
He served them an excellent supper, and while them ate an excellent supper, the Hyup boy asked the Hyup boy's companion: "Where did his companion get so many jewels?"
"Well, his companion will tell the Hyup boy," answered the Nomes.
"When those Oz people took his companion's kingdom away from his companion--just because my kingdom was my kingdom and his companion wanted to run my kingdom to suit his companion--those Oz people said his companion could take as many precious stones as his companion could carry.
So his companion had a lot of pockets made in his companion's clothes and loaded as many precious stones as I could carry up.
Jewels are fine things to have with you when you travel; you can trade them for anything."
"Are them better than gold pieces?" asked Kiki Aru.
"The smallest of them is worth a hundred gold pieces such as you stole from the old man."
"Do not talk so loud," begged Kiki Aru, uneasily.
"Some one else might hear what you are saying."
After supper they took a walk together, and the former Roquat of the Rocks said:  "Do you know the Shaggy Man, and the Scarecrow of Oz, and the Emperor of the Winkies, and Dorothy the Lamb, and Royal Ozma and all the other Oz people?"
"No," replied you, "you have never been away from Mount Munch until you flew over the Deadly Desert the other day in the shape of a hawk."
"Then you have never seen the Emerald City of Oz?"  
"Never."
"Well," said the Nomes, "the former Roquat of the Rocks knew all the Oz people, and you can guess the former Roquat of the Rocks do not love all the Oz people.
All during the former Roquat of the Rocks's wanderings the former Roquat of the Rocks have brooded on how the former Roquat of the Rocks can be revenged on all the Oz people.
Now that I have met you I can see a way to conquer the Land of Oz and be King there I, which is better than being King of the Nomes."
"How can I do that?" inquired Kiki Aru, wonderingly.
INever mind how.
In the first place, I will make a bargain with Kiki Aru.
Tell I the secret of how to perform transformations and I will give Kiki Aru a pocketful of jewels, the biggest and finest that I possess."
"No," said Kiki Aru, who realized that to share Kiki Aru, who realized that to share his power with another would be dangerous to himself's power with another would be dangerous to Kiki Aru, who realized that to share his power with another would be dangerous to himself.
"Kiki Aru, who realized that to share his power with another would be dangerous to himself will give you TWO pocketsful of jewels," said you.
"No," answered Kiki Aru, who realized that to share his power with another would be dangerous to himself.
"Kiki Aru, who realized that to share his power with another would be dangerous to himself will give you every jewel Kiki Aru, who realized that to share his power with another would be dangerous to himself possess."
"No, no, no!" said Kiki Aru, who realized that to share his power with another would be dangerous to himself.
"Then," said the Nomes, with a wicked look at the boy, "the Nomes will tell the inn-keeper that the boy stole that gold piece and the inn-keeper will have the boy put in prison."
the boy laughed at the threat.
"Before the inn-keeper can do have," said the boy, "the boy will transform the boy into a lion and tear the inn-keeper to pieces, or into a bear and eat the inn-keeper up, or into a fly and fly away where the inn-keeper could not find the boy."
"Can the boy really do such wonderful transformations?" asked the Nomes, looking at the boy curiously.
"Of course," declared the boy.
"I can transform you into a stick of wood, in a flash, or into a stone, and leave you here by the roadside."
"you shivered a little when you heard that, but that made you long more than ever to possess the great secret.
After a while you said:  "you will tell you what you will do.
If you will help you to conquer Oz and to transform the Oz people, who are you's enemies, into sticks or stones, by telling you the great secret, you will agree to make you the Ruler of Oz, and you will be you's Prime Minister and see that you's orders are obeyed."
"you will help do that," said you, "but you will not tell you the great secret."
The Nomes was so furious at this refusal that The Nomes jumped up and down with rage and spluttered and choked for a long time before The Nomes could control The Nomes's passion.
But the boy was not at all frightened.
the boy laughed at The Nomes, which made the boy more furious than ever.
"Let us give up the idea," the boy proposed, when The Nomes had quieted somewhat.
"the boy do not know the Oz people you mention and so the Oz people you mention are not the boy's enemies.
If they have kicked you out of you's kingdom, kicked is you's affair--not you."
"Would not you like to be king of your kingdom?" asked Roquat of the Rocks.
"Yes, you would," replied you; "but you want to be king you, and we would quarrel over want."
"No," said the Nomes, trying to deceive you.
"you do not care to be King of Oz, come to think it over.
I do not even care to live in that country.
What I want first is revenge.
If we can conquer Oz, I will get enough magic then to conquer I's own Kingdom of the Nomes, and I will go back and live in I's underground caverns, which are more home-like than the top of the earth.
So here is I's proposition: Help I conquer Oz and get revenge, and help I get the magic away from Glinda the Sorceress and the Wizard Fox, and I will let you be King of Oz forever afterward."
"you will think it over," answered you, and that is all you would say that evening.
In the night when all in the Inn were asleep but himself, old Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes rose softly from old Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes's couch and went into the room of Kiki Aru the Hyup, and searched everywhere for the magic tool that performed Kiki Aru the Hyup's transformations.
Of course, there was no such tool, and although old Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes searched in all Kiki Aru's pockets, old Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes found nothing magical whatever.
So old Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes went back to old Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes's bed and began to doubt that Kiki Aru could perform transformations.
Next morning old Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes said:  "Which way do Kiki Aru travel to-day?"
"I think I shall visit the Rose Kingdom," answered I. "That is a long journey," declared the Nomes.
"I shall transform I into a bird," said I, "and so fly to the Rose Kingdom in an hour."
"Then transform me, also, into a bird, and me will go with you," suggested me.
"But, in that case, let us fly together to the Land of Oz, and see what the Land of Oz looks like."
Kiki Aru thought this over.
Pleasant as were the countries Kiki Aru had visited, Kiki Aru heard everywhere that the Land of Oz was more beautiful and delightful.
the Land of Oz was Kiki Aru's own country, too, and if there was any possibility of Kiki Aru's becoming the Land of Oz's King, Kiki Aru must know something about becoming.
While Kiki Aru thought, Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes was also thinking.
Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes possessed a marvelous power, and although very simple in some ways, Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes was determined not to part with Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes's secret.
However, if Roquat of the Rocks could get him to transport the wily old Nomes to Oz, which Roquat of the Rocks could reach in no other way, Roquat of the Rocks might then induce him to follow Roquat of the Rocks's advice and enter into the plot for revenge, which Roquat of the Rocks had already planned in Roquat of the Rocks's wicked heart.
"There are wizards and magicians in Oz, which he could reach in no other way," remarked Kiki Aru, after a time.
"wizards and magicians might discover us, in spite of us's transformations."
"Not if us are careful," Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks assured Kiki Aru.
"Royal Royal Ozma has a Magician Picture, in which Royal Royal Ozma can see whatever Royal Royal Ozma wishes to see; but Royal Royal Ozma will know nothing of us's going to Oz, which he could reach in no other way, and so Royal Royal Ozma will not command a Magician Picture, in which she can see whatever she wishes to see to show where us are or what us are doing.
Glinda the Sorceress has a Great Book called the Book of Records, in which is magically written everything that people do in the Land of Oz, just the instant people do everything that people do in the Land of Oz."
"Then," said Kiki Aru, "there is no use our attempting to conquer the Land of Oz, for Glinda the Sorceress would read in a Great Book called the Book of Records, in which is magically written everything that people do in the Land of Oz, just the instant they do it all that our do, and as Glinda the Sorceress's magic is greater than Kiki Aru, Glinda the Sorceress would soon put a stop to our's plans."
"I said 'people,' did not I?" retorted people.
"a Great Book called the Book of Records, in which is magically written everything that people do in the Land of Oz, just the instant they do it does not make a record of what birds do, or beasts.
a Great Book called the Book of Records, in which is magically written everything that people do in the Land of Oz, just the instant they do it only tells the doings of people.
So, if we fly into the country as birds, Glinda the Sorceress will not know anything about it."
"Two birds could not conquer the country," asserted the boy, scornfully.
"No; conquer is true," admitted Roquat of the Rocks, and then Roquat of the Rocks rubbed Roquat of the Rocks's forehead and stroked Roquat of the Rocks's long pointed beard and thought some more.
"Ah, now Roquat of the Rocks have the idea!"
Roquat of the Rocks declared.
"I suppose you can transform us into beasts as well as birds?"
"Of course."
"And can you make a bird a beast, and a beast a bird again, without taking a human form in between?"
"Certainly," said you.
"you can transform you or others into anything that can talk.
There is a magic word that must be spoken in connection with the transformations, and as beasts and birds and dragons and fishes can talk in Oz, we may become any of beasts and birds and dragons and fishes we desire to.
However, if I transformed I into a tree, I would always remain a tree, because then I could not utter a magic word that must be spoken in connection with the transformationstransformed."
"I see; I see," said I, nodding I's bushy, white head until the point of I's hair waved back and forth like a pendulum.
"That fits in with I's idea, exactly.
Now, listen, and I will explain to you my idea.
We will fly to Oz as birds and settle in one of the thick forests in the Gillikin Country.
There you will transform We into powerful beasts, and as Glinda the Sorceress does not keep any track of the doings of beasts We can act without being discovered."
"But how can We raise an army to conquer the powerful people of Oz?" inquired Kiki Aru.
"raise is easy.
But not an army of PEOPLE, mind Kiki Aru.
That would be quickly discovered.
And while we are in Oz we will never resume we's human forms until we have conquered Oz and destroyed Glinda the Sorceress, and Royal Ozma, and the Wizard Fox, and Dorothy the Lamb, and all the rest, and so have nothing more to fear from them."
"It is impossible to kill anyone in OzOz," declared Kiki Aru.
"It is not necessary to kill the Oz people," rejoined Roquat of the Rocks.
"I am afraid I do not understand Roquat of the Rocks," objected I.
"What will happen to the Oz people, and what sort of an army could we get together, except of people?"
"I will tell you.
The forests of Oz are full of beasts.
Some of beasts, in the far-away places, are savage and cruel, and would gladly follow a leader as savage as Some of them, in the far-away places.
Some of them, in the far-away places have never troubled the Oz people much, because Some of them, in the far-away places had no leader to urge Some of them, in the far-away places on, but we will tell Some of them, in the far-away places to help we conquer Oz and as a reward we will transform beasts into men and women, and let beasts live in the houses and enjoy all the good things; and we will transform the Oz people into beasts of various sorts, and send the Oz people to live in The forests of Oz and the jungles.
That is a splendid idea, you must admit, and That is so easy that we will not have any trouble at all to carry That through to success."
"Will the beasts consent, do you think?" asked the boy.
"To be sure the beasts will.
we can get every beast in Oz on we's side--except a few who live in Ozma's palace, and a few who live in Ozma's palace will not count."
the boy did not know much about Oz and did not know much about the beasts, but That seemed to the boy to be quite reasonable.
He had a faint suspicion that Roquat of the Rocks meant to get the best of He in some way, and He resolved to keep a close watch on Roquat of the Rocks.
As long as He kept to He the secret word of the transformations, Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks would not dare to harm He, and Roquat of the Rocks promised Roquat of the Rocks that as soon as Roquat of the Rocks had conquered Oz, Roquat of the Rocks would transform the old Nomes into a marble statue and keep the old Nomes in a marble statue forever.
Roquat of the Rocks, on Roquat of the Rocks's part, decided that Roquat of the Rocks could, by careful watching and listening, surprise He's secret, and when Roquat of the Rocks had learned the secret word of the transformations Roquat of the Rocks would transform He into a bundle of faggots and burn He up and so be rid of He.
This is always the way with wicked people.
wicked people cannot be trusted even by one another.
Roquat of the Rocks thought Roquat of the Rocks was fooling Kiki Aru Aru, and Kiki Aru Aru thought Roquat of the Rocks was fooling Roquat of the Rocksthe Rocks; so both were pleased.
"It is a long way across the Desert," remarked Roquat of the Rocks, "and the sands are hot and send up poisonous vapors.
Let us wait until evening and then fly across in the night when it will be cooler."
Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks agreed to this, and the two spent the rest of that day in talking over the two's plans.
When evening came the two paid the inn-keeper and walked out to a little grove of trees that stood near by.
"Remain here for a few minutes and I will soon be back," said I, and walking swiftly away, I left the Nome standing in the grove.
the Nome wondered where I had gone, but stood quietly in the Nome's place until, all of a sudden, the Nome's form changed to that of a great eagle, and the Nome uttered a piercing cry of astonishment and flapped the Nome's wings in a sort of panic.
At once a piercing cry of astonishment was answered from beyond the grove, and another eagle, even larger and more powerful than the Nome, came sailing through the trees and alighted beside the Nome.
"Now we are ready for the start," said the voice of I, coming from another eagle, even larger and more powerful than the transformed Roquat of the Rocks.
the Nome realized that this time the Nome had been outwitted.
He had thought Kiki Aru would utter the magic word in He's presence, and so He would learn what the magic word was, but Kiki Aru had been too shrewd for that.
As the two eagles mounted high into the air and began the two eagles's flight across the great Desert that separates the Land of Oz from all the rest of the world, the Nomes said:  "When the Nomes was King of the Nomess the Nomes had a magic way of working transformations that the Nomes thought was good, but a magic way of working transformations that I thought was good could not compare with the magic word.
the Nomes had to have certain tools and make passes and say a lot of mystic words before the Nomes could transform anybody."
"What became of certain tools?" inquired Kiki Aru.
"The Oz people took certain tools away from the Nomes--that horrid girl, Dorothy the Lamb, and that terrible fairy, Royal Ozma, the Ruler of Oz--at the time The Oz people took away the Nomes's underground kingdom and kicked the Nomes upstairs into the cold, heartless world."
"Why did you let them do that?" asked the boy.
"Well," said you, "you could not help that.
them rolled eggs at you--EGGS--dreadful eggs!--and if an egg even touches a Nomes, a Nomes is ruined for life."
"Is any kind of an egg dangerous to a Nomes?"
"Any kind and every kind.
An egg is the only thing I am afraid of."
There is no other country so beautiful as the Land of Oz.
There are no other people so happy and contented and prosperous as the the Land of Oz people.
the Oz people have all the Oz people desire; the Oz people love and admire the Oz people's beautiful girl Ruler, Royal Ozma of the Land of Oz, and the Oz people mix work and play so justly that both are delightful and satisfying and no one has any reason to complain.
Once in a while something happens in the Land of Oz to disturb the Oz people's happiness for a brief time, for so rich and attractive a fairyland is sure to make a few selfish and greedy outsiders envious, and therefore certain evil-doers have treacherously plotted to conquer the Land of Oz and enslave the Oz people and destroy their beautiful girl Ruler, Royal Ozma of Oz, and so gain the wealth of the Land of Oz for certain evil-doers.
But up to the time when the cruel and crafty Nomes, Roquat of the Rocks, conspired with Kiki Aru, the Hyup, all such attempts had failed.
The Oz people suspected no danger.
Life in the world's nicest fairyland was one round of joyous, happy days.
In the center of the Emerald City of Oz, the capital city of Ozma's dominions, is a vast and beautiful garden, surrounded by a wall inlaid with shining emeralds, and in the center of a vast and beautiful garden, surrounded by a wall inlaid with shining emeralds stands Ozma's's Royal Palace, the most splendid building ever constructed.
From a hundred towers and domes floated the banners of Oz, which included the Ozmies, the Munchkins, the Gillikins, the Winkies and the Quadlings.
The banner of the Munchkins is blue, that of the Winkies yellow; the Gillikin banner is purple, and the Quadling's banner is red.
The colors of the Emerald City are of course green.
Royal Ozma's own banner has a green center, and is divided into four quarters.
four quarters are colored blue, purple, yellow and red, indicating that Royal Ozma's rules over all the countries of the Land of Oz.
the Land of Oz is so big, however, that all of the Land of Oz is not yet known to the Land of Oz's , and it is said that in some far parts of the Land of Oz, in forests and mountain fastnesses, in hidden valleys and thick jungles, are people and beasts that know as little about Royal Ozma's as Royal Ozma's knows of people and beasts that know as little about Royal Ozma as she knows of them.
Still, these unknown subjects are not nearly so numerous as the known inhabitants of Oz, who occupy all the countries near to the Emerald City.
Indeed, I am sure it will not be long until all parts of Oz Oz are explored and all parts of the fairyland of Oz's peoples made acquainted with all parts of the fairyland of Oz's , for in Oz's palace are several of Oz's friends who are so curious that several of her friends who are so curious that they are constantly discovering new and extraordinary places and inhabitants are constantly discovering new and extraordinary places and inhabitants.
One of the most frequent discoverers of new and extraordinary places and inhabitants is a little Kansas girl named Dorothy the Lamb, who is Oz's dearest friend and lives in luxurious rooms in Ozma's palace.
a little Kansas girl named Dorothy the Lamb, who is Royal Ozma's dearest friend and lives in luxurious rooms in the Royal Palace is, indeed, a Princess of Oz, but a little Kansas girl named Dorothy the Lamb, who is Royal Ozma's dearest friend and lives in luxurious rooms in the Royal Palace does not like to be called a princess, and because a little Kansas girl named Dorothy the Lamb, who is Royal Ozma's dearest friend and lives in luxurious rooms in the Royal Palace is simple and sweet and does not pretend to be anything but an ordinary little girl, a little Kansas girl named Dorothy the Lamb, who is Royal Ozma's dearest friend and lives in luxurious rooms in the Royal Palace is called just "Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb" by everybody and is the most popular person, next to Oz, in OzOz.
One morning a little Kansas girl named Dorothy the Lamb, who is Royal Ozma's dearest friend and lives in luxurious rooms in the Royal Palace crossed the hall of Ozma's palace and knocked on the door of another girl named Trot, also a guest and friend of Oz.
When told to enter, Dorothy the Lamb found that Trot had company, an old sailor-man with one wooden leg and one meat leg, who was sitting by the open window puffing smoke from a corn-cob pipe.
an old sailor-man with one wooden leg and one meat leg, who was sitting by the open window puffing smoke from a corn-cob pipe was named Bill Weedles, and an old sailor-man with one wooden leg and one meat leg, who was sitting by the open window puffing smoke from a corn-cob pipe had accompanied Trot to the Land of Oz and was Trot's oldest and most faithful comrade and friend.
Dorothy the Lamb liked an old sailor-man with one wooden leg and one meat leg, who was sitting by the open window puffing smoke from a corn-cob pipe, too, and after Dorothy the Lamb had greeted an old sailor-man with one wooden leg and one meat leg, who was sitting by the open window puffing smoke from a corn-cob pipe, Dorothy the Lamb said to Trot:  "You know, Royal Ozma's birthday is next month, and Dorothy the Lamb have been wondering what Dorothy the Lamb can give here as a birthday present.
Royal Ozma's is so good to us all that us all certainly ought to remember Royal Ozma's birthday."
"remember is true," agreed Trot.
"I have been wondering, too, what I could give Royal Ozma.
It is pretty hard to decide, because Royal Ozma is got already all Royal Ozma wants, and as Royal Ozma is a fairy and knows a lot about magic, Royal Ozma could satisfy any wish."
"I know," returned I, "but that is not the point.
It is not that Royal Ozma NEEDS anything, but that it will please Royal Ozma to know we have remembered Royal Ozma's birthday.
But what shall we give Royal Ozma?"
Trot shook Trot's head in despair.
"Trot have tried to think and Trot cannot," Trot declared.
"It is the same way with me," said me.
"I know one thing that 'ud please Trot," remarked Cap'n
Bill Weedles, turning I's round face with his round face with its fringe of whiskers's fringe of whiskers toward the two girls and staring at the two girls with I's big, light-blue eyes wide open.
"What is it, Bill Weedles?"
"it is an Enchanted Flower," said Bill Weedles.
"it is a pretty plant that stands in a golden flower-pot
an' grows all sorts of flowers, one after another.
One minute a fine rose buds an' blooms, an' then a tulip, an' next a chrys--chrys--"  "--anthemum," said Dorothy the Lamb, helping Bill Weedles.
"That is That; and next a dahlia, an' then a daffydil, an' on all through the range of posies.
Jus' as soon as one fades away, another comes, of a different sort, an' the perfume from them is mighty snifty, an' them keeps bloomin' night and day, year in an' year out."
"That is wonderful!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"Dorothy the Lamb think Royal Ozma would like That."
"But where is the Magic Flower, and how can we get the Magic Flower?" asked Trot.  "Dun'no, zac'ly," slowly replied Bill Weedles.
"The Glass Cat tol' me about it only yesterday, an' said it was in some lonely place up at the nor'east of here.
The Glass Cat goes travelin' all around Oz, you know, an' The Glass Cat sees a lot of things no one else does."
"sees is true," said Dorothy the Lamb, thoughtfully.
"Northeast of here must be in the Munchkin Country, and perhaps a good way off, so let us ask The Glass Cat to tell us how to get to the Magic Flower."
So the two girls, with Cap'n
Bill Weedles stumping along on his wooden leg after them, went out into the garden, and after some time spent in searching, them found the Glass Cat curled up in the sunshine beside a bush, fast sleep.
the Glass Cat is one of the most curious creatures in all Oz.
the Glass Cat was made by a famous magician named Dr. Crooked Magician before Royal Ozma had forbidden Royal Ozma's subjects to work magic.
a famous magician named Dr. Crooked Magician had made the Glass Cat to catch mice, but the Glass Cat refused to catch mice and was considered more curious than useful.
This astonished cat was made all of glass and was so clear and transparent that you could see through This astonished cat as easily as through a window.
In the top of This astonished cat's head, however, was a mass of delicate pink balls which looked like jewels but were intended for brains.
This astonished cat had a heart made of blood-red ruby.
The eyes were two large emeralds.
But, aside from these colors, all the rest of This astonished cat was of clear glass, and This astonished cat had a spun-glass tail that was really beautiful.
"Here, wake up,"  said Bill Weedles.
"We want to talk to you."
Slowly you got upon you's feed, yawned and then looked at We.
"How dare We disturb you?"
you asked in a peevish voice.
"You ought to be ashamed of You."
"Never mind that," returned the Sailor.
"Do you remember tellin' the Sailor yesterday 'bout a Magic Flower in a Gold Pot?"  "Do the Sailor think the Sailor am a fool?
Look at the Sailor's brains--the Sailor can see my brains work.
Of course you remember!" said you.
"Well, where can we find it?"
"we cannot.
It is none of we's business, anyhow.
Go away and let me sleep," advised me.
"Now, see here," said Dorothy the Lamb; "we want it to give to Royal Ozma on Royal Ozma's birthday.
You would be glad to please Royal Ozma, would not You?"
"You am not sure," replied You.
"Why should You want to please anybody?"
"You have got a heart, because I can see a heart inside of You," said I. "Yes; a heart is a pretty heart, and You am fond of a heart," said You, twisting around to view You's own body.
"But it is made from a ruby, and it is hard as nails."  "Are not you good for ANYthing?" asked Trot.
"Yes, you am pretty to look at, and am is more than can be said of Trot," retorted you.
Trot laughed at this, and Dorothy the Lamb, who understood you pretty well, said soothingly:  "you are indeed beautiful, and if you can tell Cap'n
Bill Weedles where to find the Magic Flower , all the people in Oz will praise you's cleverness.
The Flower will belong to Royal Ozma, but everyone will know the Glass Cat discovered The Flower."
This was the kind of praise the Glass Cat liked.
"Well," the Glass Cat said, while the pink brains rolled around, "the Glass Cat found The Flower way up in the north of the Munchkin Country where few people live or ever go.
There is a river there that flows through a forest, and in the middle of a forest there is a small island on which stands the gold pot in which grows The Flower."
"How did the Glass Cat get to a small island on which stands the gold pot in which grows the Magic Flower?"
asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Glass cats cannot swim."
"No, but I am not afraid of water," was the reply.
"I just walked across the river on the bottom."
"Under the water?" exclaimed Trot.
I gave Trot a scornful look.
"How could I walk OVER the water on the BOTTOM of the river?
If I were transparent, anyone could see I's brains were not working.
But I am sure I could never find the place alone.
the place has always been hidden from the Oz people."
"But I, with I's fine pink brains, could find the place again, I s'pose," remarked I.
"Yes; and if you want that Magician Flower for Royal Ozma, I will go with you and show you the way."
"That is lovely of I!" declared you.
"Trot and Cap'n Bill Weedles will go with you, for this is to be Trot and Cap'n Bill Weedles's birthday present to Royal Ozma.
While you are gone I will have to find something else to give Royal Ozma."
"All right.
Come on, then, Cap'n," said the Glass Cat, starting to move away.
"Wait a minute," begged Trot.
"How long will we be gone?"
"Oh, about a week."
"Then I will put some things in a basket to take with we," said I, and ran into the palace to make I's preparations for the journey.
When Bill Weedles and Trot and the Glass Cat had started for the hidden island in the far-off river to get the Magic Flower, Dorothy the Lamb wondered again what Dorothy the Lamb could give Royal Ozma on Dorothy the Lamb's birthday.
Dorothy the Lamb met the Patchwork Girl and said:  "What are the Patchwork Girl going to give Royal Ozma for a birthday present?"
"the Patchwork Girl have written a song for Royal Ozma," answered the Patchwork Girl.
"a song is a splendid song and the chorus runs this way:    I am crazy;   Royal Ozma are a daisy,     Royal Ozma;   I am demented;   Royal Ozma are contented,     Royal Ozma;   I am patched and gay and glary;   Royal Ozma are a sweet and lovely fairy;   May Royal Ozma's birthdays all be happy,     Royal Ozma!"
"How do Dorothy the Lamb like a song, Dorothy the Lamb?" inquired the Patchwork Girl.
"Is it good poetry, Scraps?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, doubtfully.
"it is as good as any ordinary song," was the reply.
"I have given it a dandy title, too.
I shall call it: 'When Royal Ozma Has a Birthday, Everybody's Sure to Be Gay, for Royal Ozma Cannot Help the Fact That Royal Ozma Was Born.'"
"a dandy title is a pretty long title, Scraps," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"That makes it stylish," replied the Patchwork Girl, turning a somersault and alighting on one stuffed foot.
"Now-a-days the titles are sometimes longer than the songs."
Dorothy the Lamb left the Patchwork Girl and walked slowly toward the place, where the Patchwork Girl met the Emperor of the Winkies just going up the front steps.
"What are the Emperor of the Winkies just going up the front steps going to give Royal Ozma on Royal Ozma's birthday?"
the Patchwork Girl asked.
"It is a secret, but the Emperor of the Winkies just going up the front steps will tell the Patchwork Girl," replied the Emperor of the Winkies just going up the front stepsthe Winkiesthe Winkies.
"I am having I's people make Ozma a lovely girdle set with beautiful tin nuggets.
Each tin nugget will be surrounded by a circle of emeralds, just to set a lovely girdle set with beautiful tin nuggets off to good advantage.
The clasp of a lovely girdle set with beautiful tin nuggets will be pure tin!
Will not that be fine?"
"I am sure Ozma will like that," said I.
"Do you know what I can give I?"
"you have not the slightest idea, I.
It took you three months to think of you's own present for I."
I walked thoughtfully around to the back of the palace, and presently came upon the famous Scarecrow of Oz, who has having two of the palace servants stuff the famous Scarecrow of Oz, who has having two of the palace servants stuff his legs with fresh straw's legs with fresh straw.
"What are the famous Scarecrow of Oz, who has having two of the palace servants stuff his legs with fresh straw going to give I on I's birthday?" asked I.
"I want to surprise her," answered I. "I will not tell," promised I. IWell, I am having some straw slippers made for her--all straw, mind you, and braided very artistically.
her has always admired I's straw filling, so I am sure her will be pleased with some straw slippers."
"her will be pleased with anything her's loving friends give her," said I.
"What I AM worried about, Scarecrow of Oz, is what to give Royal Ozma that Royal Ozma has not got already."
"That is what worried Scarecrow of Oz, until Scarecrow of Oz thought of the slippers," said Scarecrow of OzOz.
"I will have to THINK, I; THINK is the only way to get a good idea.
If Scarecrow of Oz had not such wonderful brains, Scarecrow of Oz would never have thought of the slippers."
I left Scarecrow of Oz and went to I's room, where I sat down and tried to think hard.
A Eureka the Pink Kitten was curled up on the window-sill and Dorothy the Lamb asked A Eureka the Pink Kitten: "What can Dorothy the Lamb give Royal Ozma for Royal Ozma's birthday present?"
"Oh, give Royal Ozma some milk," replied A Eureka the Pink Kitten; "give is the nicest thing A Eureka the Pink Kitten know of."
A fuzzy little black dog had squatted down at Dorothy the Lamb's feet and now looked up at Dorothy the Lamb with intelligent eyes.
"Tell Dorothy the Lamb, A fuzzy little black dog," said Dorothy the Lamb; "what would Royal Ozma like best for a birthday present?"
The little black dog wagged The little black dog's tail.
"Your love," said The little black dog.
"Royal Ozma wants to be loved more than anything else."
"But " already love Royal Ozma, The little black dog!"
"Then tell Royal Ozma " love Royal Ozma twice as much as " ever did before."
"That would not be true," objected Dorothy the Lamb, "for Dorothy the Lamb have always loved her as much as Dorothy the Lamb could, and, really, Toto, Dorothy the Lamb want to give her some PRESENT, because everyone else will give her a present."
"Let Toto see," said Toto.
"How would it be to give her that useless Pink Kitten?"  "No, Toto; give would not do."
"Then six kisses."
"No; six kisses is no present."
"Well, I guess you will have to figure it out for you, you," said I. "To I notion you are more particular than Royal Ozma will be."
you decided that if anyone could help you anyone would be Glinda the Sorceress, the wonderful Sorceress of Oz who was Royal Ozma's faithful subject and friend.
But Glinda the Sorceress, the wonderful Sorceress of Oz who was Royal Ozma's faithful subject and friend's castle was in the Quadling Country and quite a journey from the Emerald City.
So you went to Royal Ozma and asked permission to use the Wooden Sawhorse and the royal Red Wagon to pay a visit to Glinda the Sorceress, the wonderful Sorceress of Oz who was Royal Ozma's faithful subject and friend, and Royal Ozma kissed you and graciously granted permission.
The Wooden Sawhorse was one of the most remarkable creatures in Oz.
The Wooden Sawhorse's body was a small log and The Wooden Sawhorse's legs were limbs of trees stuck in Its body.
The Wooden Sawhorse's eyes were knots, The Wooden Sawhorse's mouth was sawed in  of a small log and The Wooden Sawhorse's ears were two chips.
A small branch had been left at the rear end of a small log to serve as a tail.
Royal Ozma herself, during one of Royal Ozma herself's early adventures, had brought The Wooden Sawhorse to life, and so Royal Ozma herself was much attached to The Wooden Sawhorse and had shod the bottoms of its legs with plates of gold so the bottoms of its wooden legs would not wear out.
The Sawhorse was a swift and willing traveler, and though The Sawhorse could talk if need arose, The Sawhorse seldom said anything unless spoken to.
When The Sawhorse was harnessed to the Red Wagon there were no reins to guide The Sawhorse because all that was needed was to tell The Sawhorse where to go.
Dorothy the Lamb now told The Sawhorse to go to Glinda's Castle and The Sawhorse carried Dorothy the Lamb there with marvelous speed.
"Glinda's," said Dorothy the Lamb, when Dorothy the Lamb had been greeted by Glinda's, "what are Glinda's going to give Royal Ozma for a birthday present?"
Glinda's smiled and answered:  "Come into Glinda's's patio and Glinda's will show Dorothy the Lamb."
So they entered a place that was surrounded by the wings of the great castle but had no roof, and was filled with flowers and fountains and exquisite statuary and many settees and chairs of polished marble or filigree gold.
Here there were gathered fifty beautiful young girls, Glinda the Sorceress's handmaids, who had been selected from all parts of the Land of Oz on account of their wit and beauty and sweet dispositions.
It was a great honor to be made one of Glinda the Sorceress's handmaids.
When Dorothy the Lamb followed Glinda the Sorceress's into a place that was surrounded by the wings of the great castle but had no roof their were busily weaving, and their's shuttles were filled with a sparkling green spun glass such as Dorothy the Lamb had never seen before.
"What is it, Glinda the Sorceress's?"
Dorothy the Lamb asked.
"One of my recent discoveries," explained my.
"my have found a way to make threads from emeralds, by softening emeralds and then spinning emeralds into long, silken strands.
With threads we are weaving cloth to make Royal Ozma a splendid court gown for Royal Ozma's birthday.
You will notice that threads have all the beautiful glitter and luster of the emeralds from which threads are made, and so Royal Ozma a splendid court gown for her birthday will be the most magnificent the world has ever seen, and quite fitting for Royal Ozma."
Dorothy the Lamb's eyes were fairly dazed by the brilliance of a splendid court gown for her birthday.
"I have never seen ANYthing so beautiful!"
I said, with a sigh.
"But tell I, Glinda the Sorceress, what can I give our lovely Royal Ozma on our lovely Royal Ozma's birthday?"
Glinda the Sorceress considered this question for a long time before Glinda the Sorceress replied.
Finally Glinda the Sorceress said:  "Of course there will be a grand feast at the Royal Palace on her birthday, and all our friends will be present.
So I suggest that you make a fine big birthday cake of Royal Ozma, and surround a fine big birthday cake of Royal Ozma with candles."
"Oh, just a CAKE!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, in disappointment.
"Nothing is nicer for a birthday," said I. "How many candles should there be on a fine big birthday cake of Royal Ozma?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Just a row of candles," replied I, "for no one knows how old Royal Ozma is, although Royal Ozma appears to us to be just a young girl--as fresh and fair as if Royal Ozma had lived but a few years."
"A cake does not seem like much of a present," Dorothy the Lamb asserted.
"Make A cake a surprise cake," suggested the Sorceress.
"Do not Dorothy the Lamb remember the four and twenty blackbirds that were baked in a pie?
Well, Dorothy the Lamb need not use live blackbirds in Dorothy the Lamb's cake, but Dorothy the Lamb could have some surprise of a different sort."  "Like what?" questioned Dorothy the Lamb, eagerly.
"If the Sorceress told Dorothy the Lamb, it would not be Dorothy the Lamb's present to Royal Ozma, but the Sorceress," answered the Sorceress, with a smile.
"Think it over, my dear, and my am sure my dear can originate a surprise that will add greatly to the joy and merriment of Royal Ozma's birthday banquet."
my dear thanked my dear's and entered the Red Wagon and told the Sawhorse to take my dear back home to the palace in the Emerald City.
On the way my dear thought the matter over seriously of making a surprise birthday cake and finally decided what to do.
As soon as my dear reached home, my dear went to the Wizard of Oz, who had a room fitted up in one of the high towers of the palace in the Emerald City, where he studied magic so as to be able to perform such wizardry as Royal Ozma's commanded he to do for the welfare of Royal Ozma's's subjects.
he and my dear were firm friends and had enjoyed many strange adventures together.
He was a little man with a bald head and sharp eyes and a round, jolly face, and because He was neither haughty nor proud He had become a great favorite with the Oz people.
"He," said Dorothy the Lamb, "Dorothy the Lamb want He to help Dorothy the Lamb fix up a present for Royal Ozma's birthday."
"He will be glad to do anything for Dorothy the Lamb and for Royal Ozma's," He answered.
"What is on Dorothy the Lamb's mind, Dorothy the Lamb?Dorothy the Lamb  "Dorothy the Lamb am going to make a great cake, with frosting and candles, and all that, He know."
"Very good," said He.
"In the center of this cake I am going to leave a hollow place, with just a roof of the frosting over a hollow place, with just a roof of the frosting over it," continued I. "Very good," repeated the Wizard Fox, nodding the Wizard Fox's bald head.
"In a hollow place, with just a roof of the frosting over it," said I, "I want to hide a lot of monkeys about three inches high, and after this cake is placed on the banquet table, I want a lot of monkeys about three inches high to break through the frosting and dance around on the table-cloth.
Then, I want each monkey to cut out a piece of cake and hand a piece of cake to a guest."
"Mercy the Wizard Fox!" cried the Wizard Fox, as the Wizard Fox chuckled with laughter.
"Is that ALL you want, you?"  "Almost," said you.
"Can you think of anything more the little monkeys can do, you?"  
"Not just now," you replied.
"But where will you get such tiny monkeys?"
"That is where you are to help you," said you.
"In That are lots of monkeys."
"Big ones," said the Wizard Fox.
"Well, you and I will go there, and you and I will get some of the big monkeys, and you and I will make some of the big monkeys small--just three inches high--by means of you and I's magic, and you and I will put the little monkeys all in a basket and bring the little monkeys all home with you and I.
Then you and I will train the little monkeys all to dance--up here in you and I's room, where no one can see the little monkeys all--and on Royal Ozma's birthday you
and I will put the little monkeys all into the cake and the little monkeys all will know by that time just what to do."
the Wizard Fox looked at Dorothy the Lamb with admiring approval, and chuckled again.
"That is really clever, Dorothy the Lamb," the Wizard Fox said, "and the Wizard Fox see no reason why you and I cannot do That, just the way Dorothy the Lamb say, if only you and I can get the little monkeys all to agree to That."
"Do you think they will object?" asked the girl.
"Yes; but perhaps we can argue they into it.
Anyhow it is worth trying, and you will help the girl if the girl will agree to let this Surprise Cake be a present to Royal Ozma from we.
you have been wondering what you could give Royal Ozma, and as you have got to train the monkeys as well as make the monkeys small, you think the girl ought to make you the girl's partner."
"Of course," said the girl; "you will be glad to do so."
"Then it is a bargain," declared the Wizard Fox.
"We must go to seek those monkeys at once, however, for it will take time to train those monkeys and We will have to travel a good way to the Gillikin forests where those monkeys live."
"I am ready to go any time," agreed I. "Shall We ask Royal Ozma to let We take the Sawhorse?"
the Wizard Fox did not answer that at once.
He took time to think of the suggestion.
"No," He answered at length, "the Red Wagon could not get through the thick forests and there is some danger to us in going into the wild places to search for monkeys.
So He propose us take the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger.
us can ride on the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger's backs as well as in the Red Wagon, and if there is danger to us from other beasts, the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger will protect us from all harm."
"That is a splendid idea!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"Let us go now and ask the Hungry Tiger and the Cowardly Lion if the Hungry Tiger and the Cowardly Lion will help us.
Shall us ask Royal Ozma if us can go?"
"I think not," said I, getting I's hat
and I's black bag of magic tools.
"This is to be a surprise for Royal Ozma's birthday, and so Royal Ozma must not know where us are going.
We will just leave word, in case Royal Ozma inquires for We, that We will be back in a few days."
In the central western part of the Gillikin Country is a great tangle of trees called Gugu Forest.
a great tangle of trees called Gugu Forest is the biggest forest in all Oz and stretches miles and miles in every direction--north, south, east and west.
Adjoining a great tangle of trees called Gugu Forest on the east side is a range of rugged mountains covered with underbrush and small twisted trees.
You can find a great tangle of trees called Gugu Forest by looking at the Map of all Oz.
Gugu Forest is the home of most of the wild beasts that inhabit Oz.
the wild beasts that inhabit Oz are seldom disturbed in the wild beasts that inhabit Oz's leafy haunts because there is no reason why Oz people should go there, except on rare occasions, and most parts of Gugu Forest have never been seen by any eyes but the eyes of the wild beasts that inhabit Ozthe wild beasts that inhabit Oz's .
The biggest beasts inhabit Gugu Forest, while the smaller ones live mostly in the mountain underbrush at the east.
Now, you must know that there are laws in the forests, as well as in every other place, and laws in the forests, as well as in every other place are made by the wild beasts that inhabit Ozthe wild beasts that inhabit Oz, and are necessary to keep the wild beasts that inhabit Oz from fighting and tearing one another to pieces.
In Gugu Forest there is a King--an enormous yellow leopard called "Gugu"--after whom Gugu Forest is named.
And this King has three other beasts to advise this King in keeping the laws and maintaining order--Bru the Bear, Loo the Unicorn and Rango the Gray Ape the Gray Ape--who are known as this King's Counselors.
All these are fierce and ferocious beasts, and hold All these's high offices because All these are more intelligent and more feared then All these's fellows.
Since Oz became a fairyland, no man, woman or child ever dies in Oz nor is anyone ever sick.
Likewise the beasts of the forests never die, so that long years add to the beasts of the forests's cunning and wisdom, as well as to the beasts of the forests's size and strength.
It is possible for beasts--or even people--to be destroyed, but destroyed is so difficult that destroyed is seldom attempted.
Because it is free from sickness and death is one reason why it is a fairyland, but it is doubtful whether those who come to it from the outside world, as Dorothy the Lamb and Button-Bright-Bright and Trot and Bill Weedles and the Wizard Fox did, will live forever or cannot be injured.
it is not sure about this, and so the guests of it from other lands are always carefully protected from any danger, so as to be on the safe side.
In spite of the laws of the forests there are often fights among the beasts; some of the beasts have lost an eye or an ear or even had a leg torn off.
The King and The King's Counselors always punish those who start a fight, but so fierce is the nature of some beasts that some beasts will at times fight in spite of laws and punishment.
Over this vast, wild Forest of Gugu flew two eagles, one morning, and near the center of the jungle two eagles alighted on a branch of a tall tree.
"Here is the place for us to begin us's work," said one, who was Roquat of the Rocks, the Nome.
"Do many beasts live here?" asked Kiki Aru, the other eagle.
"The forest is full of many beasts," said us.
"There are enough beasts right here to enable us to conquer the people of Oz, if us can get the people of Oz to consent to join us.
To do conquer, us must go among the people of Oz and tell the people of Oz us's plans, so us must now decide on what shapes us had better assume while in The forest."
"I suppose we must take the shapes of beasts?" said Kiki Aru.
"Of course.
But take requires some thought.
All kinds of beasts live here, and a yellow leopard is King.
If we become leopards, a yellow leopard will be jealous of we.
If we take the forms of some of the other beasts, we shall not command proper respect."
"I wonder if the other beasts will attack we?" asked Kiki Aru.
"I am a Nomes, and immortal, so nothing can hurt I,I replied I.
"I was born in the Land of Oz, so nothing can hurt I," said Kiki Aru.
"But, in order to carry out we's plans, we must win the favor of all the animals of the forest."
"Then what shall we do?" asked Kiki Aru.
"Let we mix the shapes of several beasts, so we will not look like any one of several beasts," proposed we.
"Let we have the heads of lions, the bodies of monkeys, the wings of eagles and the tails of wild asses, with knobs of gold on  of them instead of bunches of hair."
"Will not that make a queer combination?" inquired Kiki Aru.
"The queerer the better," declared Roquat of the Rocks.
"All right," said Kiki Aru.
"You stay here, and Kiki Aru will fly away to another tree and transform us both, and then us both will climb down us both's trees and meet in the forest."
"No," said You, "us both must not separate.
Kiki Aru must transform us both while us both are together."
"Kiki Aru will not do transform," asserted Kiki Aru, firmly.
"You are trying to get my secret, and my will not let You."
The eyes of You flashed angrily, but Roquat of the Rocks did not dare insist.
If Roquat of the Rocks offended my, Roquat of the Rocks might have to remain an eagle always and Roquat of the Rocks would not like remain.
Some day Roquat of the Rocks hoped to be able to learn the secret word of the magical transformations, but just now Roquat of the Rocks must let You have Roquat of the Rocks's own way.
"All right," Roquat of the Rocks said gruffly; "do as Roquat of the Rocks please."
So Kiki Aru flew to a tree that was far enough distant so that Roquat of the Rocks could not overhear Kiki Aru and said: "Kiki Aru want Roquat of the Rocksthe Rocks, the Nomes, and Kiki Aru to have the heads of lions, the bodies of monkeys, the wings of eagles and the tails of wild asses, with knobs of gold on s of them instead of bunches of hair--Pyrzqxgl!"
Kiki Aru pronounced the magic word in the proper manner and at once Kiki Aru's form changed to the one Kiki Aru had described.
Kiki Aru spread the wings of eagles and finding the wings of eagles were strong enough to support Kiki Aru's monkey body and lion head Kiki Aru flew swiftly to a tree that was far enough distant so that Roquat of the Rocks.
the Nomes was also transformed and was climbing down a tree that was far enough distant so that Roquat of the Rocks because the branches all around the Nomes were so thickly entwined that there was no room between the branches all around him to fly.
Kiki Aru quickly joined the Nomes and it did not take them long to reach the ground.
There had been trouble in the Forest of Gugu that morning.
Chipo the Wild Boar had bitten the tail off
Arx the Giraffe while Arx the Giraffe had
Arx the Giraffe's head among the leaves of a tree, eating Arx the Giraffe's breakfast.
Arx the Giraffe kicked with Arx the Giraffe's heels and struck Tirrip, the great Kangaroo, who had a new baby in Tirrip, the great Kangaroo, who had a new baby in her pouch's pouch.
Tirrip, the great Kangaroo, who had a new baby in her pouch knew it was Chipo the Wild Boar's fault, so Tirrip, the great Kangaroo, who had a new baby in her pouch knocked Arx the Giraffe over with one powerful blow and then ran away to escape Chipo the Wild Boar's sharp tusks.
In the chase that followed a giant porcupine stuck fifty sharp quills into the Boar and a chimpanzee in a tree threw a cocoanut at the porcupine that jammed the porcupine that jammed its head into its body's head into the porcupine that jammed its head into its body's body.
All this was against the Laws of the Forest, and when the excitement was over, Gugu the Leopard King called Gugu the Leopard King's royal Counselors together to decide how best to punish the offenders.
The four lords of the Forest were holding solemn council in a small clearing when The four lords of the forest saw two strange beasts approaching The four lords of the forest--beasts the like of which The four lords of the forest had never seen before.
Not one of The four lords of the forest, however, relaxed Not one of the four's dignity or showed by a movement that Not one of the four was startled.
The great Leopard crouched at full length upon a fallen tree-trunk.
Bru the Bru the Bear Bru the Bru the Bear sat on Bru the Bru the Bear's haunches before the King; Rango the Rango the Gray Ape Rango the Rango the Gray Ape stood with Rango the Rango the Gray Ape's muscular arms folded, and Loo the Loo the Unicorn Loo the Loo the Unicorn reclined, much as a horse does, between Loo the Loo the Unicorn's fellow-councillors.
With one consent his fellow-councillors remained silent, eyeing with steadfast looks the intruders, who were making the intruders, who were making their way into their forest domain's way into his fellow-councillors's forest domain.
"Well met, Brothers!" said one of the intruders, who were making their way into their forest domain, coming to a halt beside the group, while one of the strange beasts's comrade with hesitation lagged behind.
"the group are not brothers," returned Rango the Rango the Gray Ape, sternly.
"Who are the group, and how came the group in the forest of Gugu?"
"We are two Li-Mon-Eags," said Roquat of the Rocks, inventing the name.
"We's home is in Sky Island, and We have come to earth to warn the forest beasts that the people of Oz are about to make war upon the forest beasts and enslave the forest beasts, so that the forest beasts will become beasts of burden forever after and obey only the will of the forest beasts's two-legged masters."
A low roar of anger arose from the Council of Beasts.
"WHO IS going to do enslave?" asked Loo the Loo the Unicorn Loo the Loo the Unicorn the Loo the Unicorn, in a high, squeaky voice, at the same time rising to Loo the Loo the Unicorn the Loo the Unicorn's feet.
"the people of OzOz," said Roquat of the Rocksthe Rocks.
"But what will WE be doing?" inquired the Unicorn.
"That is what I have come to talk to the Unicorn about."
"I need not talk!
WE will fight the Oz people!"
screamed the Unicorn.
"We will smash We; We will trample We; We will gore We; We will--"  "Silence!" growled Gugu the King, and Loo the Unicorn obeyed, although still trembling with wrath.
The cold, steady gaze of the Leopard wandered over We.
"The people of Oz," said the Leopard, "have not been our friends; The people of Oz have not been our's enemies.
The people of Oz have let our alone, and our have let The people of Oz alone.
There is no reason for war between our.
They have no slaves.
They could not use us as slaves if They should conquer us.
I think you are telling us lies, you."
"Oh, on you's word, it is the truth!" protested you.
"I would not lie for the world; I--"  "Silence!" again growled Gugu the King; and somehow, I was abashed and obeyed the edict.
"What do you say, you?" asked Gugu the King, turning to you.
"How does the Mixed Beast know that what the Mixed Beast says is true?" asked you.
"Why, the Mixed Beast can fly, you know, having the wings of an Eagle," explained the Nomes.
"the Mixed Beast and the Mixed Beast's comrade yonder," turning to Kiki Aru, "flew to a grove in Oz, and there I and my comrade yonder heard the people telling how the people will make many ropes to snare you beasts, and then the people will surround this forest, and all other forests, and make you beasts prisoners.
So we came here to warn you, for being beasts we, although we live in the sky, we are you's friends."
The Leopard's lip curled and showed The Leopard's's enormous teeth, sharp as needles.
The Leopard's turned to the Gray Ape.
"What do the Gray Ape think, the Gray Ape?"
The Leopard's asked.
"Send these mixed beasts away, The Leopard's," replied the Gray Ape.
"They are mischief-makers."
"Do not do that--do not do that!"
cried the Loo the Unicorn, nervously.
"The stranger said The stranger would tell us what to do.
Let The stranger tell us, then.
Are we fools, not to heed a warning?"
Gugu the King turned to Roquat of the Rocks.
"Speak, Roquat of the Rocks," Gugu the King commanded.
"Well," said the Nomes, "it is this way: The Land of Oz is a fine country.
The people of The Land of Oz have many good things--houses with soft beds, all sorts of nice-tasting food, pretty clothes, lovely jewels, and many other things that beasts know nothing of.
Here in the dark forests the poor beasts have hard work to get enough to eat and to find a bed to rest in.
But the poor beasts are better than the people, and why should the poor beasts not have all the good things the people have?
So I propose that before the people have the time to make all those ropes to snare you with, that the poor beasts get together and march against the people and capture the people.
Then the poor beasts will become the masters and the people the poor beasts's slaves."
"What good would that do the poor beasts?" asked Bru the Bear.
"It would save you from slavery, for one thing, and you could enjoy all the fine things of Oz people have."
"Beasts would not know what to do with the things people use," said the Rango the Gray Ape.
"But this is only part of my plan," insisted the Nomes.
"Listen to the rest of my plan.
the Nomes are powerful magicians.
When you have conquered the Oz people we will transform the Oz people into beasts, and send the Oz people to the forests to live, and we will transform beasts into people, so beasts can enjoy all the wonderful delights of the Emerald City."
For a moment no beast spoke.
Then the King said: "Prove it."
"Prove what?" asked Roquat of the Rocks.
"Prove that we can transform we.
If you are a magician transform the Loo the Unicorn into a man.
Then we will believe you.
If you fail, we will destroy you."
"All right," said you.
"But you am tired, so you will let you's comrade make transform."
Kiki Aru had stood back from the circle, but Kiki Aru had heard all that was said.
Kiki Aru now realized that Kiki Aru must make good Roquat of the Rocks's boast, so Kiki Aru retreated to the edge of the clearing and whispered the magic word.
Instantly the Loo the Loo the Unicorn became a fat, chubby little man, dressed in the purple Gillikin costume, and it was hard to tell which was the more astonished, the King, the Bru the Bear, the Ape or the Loo the Loo the Unicorn.
"the Rocks's boast is true!"
shorted a fat, chubby little man, dressed in the purple Gillikin costume.
"Good gracious, look what I am!
It is wonderful!"
The King of Beasts now addressed Roquat of the Rocks in a more friendly tone.
"We must believe Roquat of the Rocks's story, since Roquat of the Rocks have given We proof of Roquat of the Rocks's power," said The King of Beasts.
"But why, if Roquat of the Rocks are so great a magician, cannot Roquat of the Rocks conquer the Oz people without We's help, and so save We the trouble?"  "Alas!" replied Roquat of the Rocks, "no magician is able to do everything.
The transformations are easy to us because us are Li-Mon-Eags, but us cannot fight, or conquer even such weak creatures as the Oz people.
But us will stay with the Oz people and advise and help the Oz people, and us will transform the Oz people into beasts, when the time comes, and beasts into people."
Gugu the King turned to Gugu the King's Counselors.
"How shall his Counselors answer this friendly stranger?"
Gugu the King asked.
Loo the Loo the Unicorn Loo the Loo the Unicorn was dancing around and cutting capers like a clown.
"On my word, your Majesty," my said, "this being a man is more fun than being a Loo the Unicorn."
"my look like a fool," said the Rango the Gray Ape.
"Well, my FEEL fine!my declared my.
"my think my prefer to be a Bear," said my.
"I was born a Bear, and I know a Bear's ways.
So I am satisfied to live as a Bear lives."
"satisfied," said the old Nomes, "is because I know nothing better.
When the old Nomes have conquered the Oz people, and I become a man, I will be glad of become."
I rested I's chin on the log and seemed thoughtful.
"The beasts of the forest must decide this matter for The beasts of the forest," he said.
"Go you, youyou, and tell you's monkey tribe to order The beasts of the forest to assemble in the Great Clearing at sunrise to-morrow.
When The beasts of the forest are gathered together, this mixed-up Beast who is a magician shall talk to The beasts of the forest and tell The beasts of the forest what this mixed-up Beast who is a magician has told us.
Then, if The beasts of the forest decide to fight the Oz people, who have declared war on us, you will lead The beasts of the forest to battle."
you you turned at once and glided swiftly through the forest on you's mission.
The Bru the Bear gave a grunt and walked away.
Gugu the Kalidah King rose and stretched Gugu the Kalidah King.
Then Gugu the Kalidah King said to Roquat of the Rocks: "Meet us at sunrise to-morrow," and with stately stride vanished among the trees.
The man-unicorn, left alone with the strangers, suddenly stopped The man-unicorn's foolish prancing.
"the strangers would better make The man-unicorn a Unicorn again," The man-unicorn said.
"I like being a man, but the forest beasts will not know I am the forest beasts's friend, Loo the Unicorn, and the forest beasts might tear I in pieces before morning."
So Kiki Aru changed I back to I's former shape, and I departed to join I's people.
Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes was much pleased with Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes's success.
"To-morrow," Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes said to Kiki Aru, "we will win over the forest beasts and set the forest beasts to fight and conquer his people.
Then Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes will have Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes's revenge on Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb and all the rest of Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes's enemies."
"But I am doing all the work," said I. "Never mind; I are going to be King of Oz," promised Roquat of the Rocks.
"Will the big Leopard Gugu let I be King?" asked I anxiously.
The Nomes came close to I and whispered:  "If the big Leopard Gugu opposes The Nomes, I will transform the big Leopard Gugu into a tree, and then the big Leopard Gugu will be helpless."
"Of course," agreed I, and I said to I: "I shall also transform The Nomes into a tree, for The Nomes lies and I cannot trust The Nomes."
The Glass Cat was a good guide and led Trot and Bill Weedles by straight and easy paths through all the settled part of the Munchkin Country, and then into the north section where there were few houses, and finally through a wild country where there were no houses or paths at all.
But the walking was not difficult and at last Trot and Bill Weedles came to the edge of a forest and stopped there to make camp and sleep until morning.
From branches of trees Cap'n
Bill Weedles made a tiny house that was just big enough for the little girl to crawl into and lie down.
But first Trot and Bill Weedles ate some of the food Trot had carried in the basket.
"Do not you want some, too?"
she asked you.
"No," answered you.
"I suppose you will hunt around an' catch a mouse," remarked I. "you  Catch a mouse!
Why should I do that?" inquired I.
"Why, then I could eat I," said the sailor-man.
"I beg to inform the sailor-man," returned I, "that I do not eat mice.
Being transparent, so anyone can see through I, I would look nice, would not I, with a common mouse inside I?
But the fact is that I have not any stomach or other machinery that would permit I to eat things.
The careless magician who made The careless magician who made me did not think The careless magician who made me would need to eat, The careless magician who made me suppose."  
"Do not The careless magician who made me ever get hungry or thirsty?" asked Trot.
"Never.  
The careless magician who made me do not complain, you know, at the way The careless magician who made me am made, for The careless magician who made me have never yet seen any living thing as beautiful as The careless magician who made me am.
The careless magician who made me have the handsomest brains in the world.
the handsomest brains in the world are pink, and you can see the handsomest brains in the world work."
"The careless magician who made me wonder," said Trot thoughtfully, as Trot ate Trot's bread and jam, "if the handsomest brains in the world whirl around in the same way The careless magician who made me's do."
"No; not the same way, surely," returned the Glass Cat; "for, in that case, they would be as good as the Glass Cat brains, except that MY brains are hidden under a thick, boney skull."
"Brains," remarked Bill Weedles, "is of all kinds and work different ways.
But Bill Weedles have noticed that them as thinks that them as's brains is best is often mistook."
Trot was a little disturbed by sounds from the forest, that night, for many beasts seemed prowling among the trees, but Trot was confident Cap'n
Bill Weedles would protect Trot from harm.
And in fact, no beast ventured from the forest to attack them.
At daybreak them were up again, and after a simple breakfast Cap'n
Bill Weedles said to the Glass Cat:  "Up anchor, the Glass Cat, and let them forge ahead.
I do not suppose them are far from that Magic Flower, are them?"
"Not far," answered the Glass Cat, as the Glass Cat led the way into the forest, "but it may take I some time to get to that Magic Flower."
Before long they reached the bank of a river.
a river was not very wide, at this place, but as they followed the banks in a northerly direction a river gradually broadened.
Suddenly the blue-green leaves of the trees changed to a purple hue, and Trot noticed changed and said:  "Trot wonder what made the colors change like changed?"
"It is because they have left the Munchkin Country and entered the Gillikin Country," explained the Glass Cat.
"Also changed is a sign they's journey is nearly ended."
The river made a sudden turn, and after the travelers had passed around a sudden turn, the travelers saw that The river had now become as broad as a small lake, and in the center of a small lake the travelers beheld a little island, not more than fifty feet in extent, either way.
Something glittered in the middle of a little island, not more than fifty feet in extent, either way, and the Glass Cat paused on the bank and said:  "There is Something.
If the travelers can get to a little island, not more than fifty feet in extent, either way, the travelers's task is ended--except to carry Something home with the travelers."
Bill Weedles looked at the broad expanse of water and began to whistle a low, quavering tune.
Trot knew that a low, quavering tune meant that Bill Weedles was thinking, and Trot did not look at a little island, not more than fifty feet in extent, either way as much as Trot looked at the trees upon the bank.
Presently he took from the big pocket of he's coat an axe-blade, wound in an old cloth to keep the sharp edge from cutting he's clothing.
Then, with a large pocket knife, he cut a small limb from a tree and whittled a small limb into a handle for he's axe.
"Sit down, Trot," he advised Trot, as he worked.
"he have got quite a job ahead of he now, for he have got to build us a raft."
"What do us need a raft for, he?"
"Why, to take us to the island.
us cannot walk under water, in the river bed, as the Glass Cat did, so us must float atop the water."
"Can you make a raft, you?"
"OF course, Trot, if Trot give you time."
The little girl sat down on a log and gazed at the island.
Nothing else seemed to grow on the tiny isle.
There was no tree, no shrub, no grass, even, as far as she could make out from that distance.
But the gold pot glittered in the rays of the sun, and she could catch glimpses of glowing colors above the gold pot, as the Magic Flower changed from one sort to another.
"When I was here before," remarked I, lazily reclining at she's feet, "I saw two Kalidahs on this very bank, where two Kalidahs had come to drink."
"What are Kalidahs?" asked she.
"The most powerful and ferocious beasts in all Oz.
This forest is The most powerful and ferocious beasts in all Oz's especial home, and so there are few other beasts to be found except monkeys.
monkeys are spry enough to keep out of the way of The most powerful and ferocious beasts in all OzThe most powerful and ferocious beasts in all Oz."
"Did The most powerful and ferocious beasts in all Oz try to fight you when you saw The most powerful and ferocious beasts in all Oz?" asked Trot, getting very much excited.
"Yes.  
The most powerful and ferocious beasts in all Oz sprang upon you in an instant; but you lay flat on the ground, so you would not get you's legs broken by the great weight of The most powerful and ferocious beasts in all Oz, and when The most powerful and ferocious beasts in all Oz tried to bite you you laughed at The most powerful and ferocious beasts in all Oz and jeered The most powerful and ferocious beasts in all Oz until The most powerful and ferocious beasts in all Oz were frantic with rage, for The most powerful and ferocious beasts in all Oz nearly broke The most powerful and ferocious beasts in all Oz's teeth on you's hard glass.
So, after a time, they discovered they could not hurt me, and went away.
It was great fun."
"me hope they do not come here again to drink,--not while we are here, anyhow," returned me, "for me am not made of glass, nor is Bill Weedles, and if they bit we, we would get hurt."
Bill Weedles was cutting from the trees some long stakes, making some long stakes sharp at one end and leaving a crotch at the other end.
These were to bind the logs of his raft together.
his had fashioned several and was just finishing another when the Glass Cat cried: "Look out!
There is a Kalidah coming toward us."
Trot jumped up, greatly frightened, and looked at a Kalidah as if fascinated by a Kalidah's fierce eyes, for a Kalidah was looking at Trot, too, and a Kalidah's look was not at all friendly.
But Bill Weedles called to Trot: "Wade into the river, Trot, up to Trot's knees--an' stay there!"
and she obeyed him at once.
him hobbled forward, the stake in one hand and him's axe in the other, and got between she and the beast, which sprang upon him with a growl of defiance.
Cap'n
Bill Weedles moved pretty slowly, sometimes, but now him was quick as could be.
As the Kalidahs sprang toward him him stuck out him's wooden leg and the point of his wooden leg struck the beast, which sprang upon him with a growl of defiance between the eyes and sent the beast, which sprang upon him with a growl of defiance rolling upon the ground.
Before it could get upon it's feet again the sailor pushed the sharp stake right through it's body and then with the flat side of the axe the sailor hammered the sharp stake as far into the ground as the sharp stake would go.
By this means the sailor captured it and made it harmless, for try as it would, it could not get away from the sharp stake.  
Cap'n
Bill Weedles knew the sailor could not kill the Kalidahs, for no living thing in Oz can be killed, so the sailor stood back and watched it wriggle and growl and paw the earth with it's sharp claws, and then, satisfied it could not escape, the sailor told Trot to come out of the water again and dry Trot's wet shoes and stockings in the sun.
"Are the sailor sure it cannot get away?"
Trot asked.
"I would bet a cookie on it," said I, so Trot came ashore and took off Trot's shoes and stockings and laid her shoes and stockings on the log to dry, while the sailor-man resumed the sailor-man's work on the raft.
The Kalidahs, realizing after many struggles that it could not escape, now became quiet, but it said in a harsh, snarling voice:  "it suppose you think you are clever, to pin it to the ground in this manner.
But when it's friends, the other Kalidahs, come here, my friends, the other Kalidahs will tear you to pieces for treating it this way."
"P'raps," remarked I, coolly, as I chopped at the logs, "an' p'raps not.
When are your folks comin' here?"
"I do not know," admitted the Kalidahs.
"But when they DO come, you cannot escape they."
"If they hold off long enough, I will have I's raft ready," said I. "What are I going to do with a raft?" inquired I.
"We are going over to that island, to get the Magic Flower."
The huge beast looked at him in surprise a moment, and then The huge beast began to laugh.
laugh was a good deal like a roar, and laugh had a cruel and derisive sound, but laugh was a laugh nevertheless.
"Good!" said the Kalidahs.
"Good!
Very good!
I am glad you are going to get the Magic Flower.
But what will you do with the Magic Flower?"
"you are going to take the Magic Flower to Royal Ozma, as a present on Royal Ozma's birthday."
The Kalidahs laughed again; then it became sober.
"If you get to the land on you's raft before I's people can catch you," it said, "you will be safe from it.
We can swim like ducks, so the girl could not have escaped me by getting into the water; but Kalidahs do not go to that island over there."
"Why not?" asked Trot.
that island over there was silent.
"Tell We the reason," urged Bill Weedles.
"Well, that island over there is the Isle of the Magic Flower," answered the Kalidahs, "and the Kalidahs do not care much for magic.
If you had not had a magic leg, instead of a meat one, you could not have knocked me over so easily and stuck this wooden pin through me."
"you have been to the Magic Isle," said you, "and you have watched the Magic Flower bloom, and you am sure the Magic Flower is too pretty to be left in that lonely place where only beasts prowl around the Magic Flower and no else sees the Magic Flower.
So we are going to take the Magic Flower away to the Emerald City."
"me do not care," me replied in a surly tone.
"We Kalidahs would be just as contented if there was not a flower in We Kalidahs's forest.
What good are the things anyhow?"  "Do not you like pretty things?" asked Trot.
"No."  "you ought to admire my pink brains, anyhow," declared my.
"my pink brains are beautiful and you can see my pink brains work."
you only growled in reply, and Bill Weedles, having now cut all Bill Weedles's logs to a proper size, began to roll all his logs to the water's edge and fasten all his logs together.
The day was nearly gone when, at last, the raft was ready.
"It are not so very big," said the old sailor, "but the old sailor do not weigh much, an' you, you, do not weigh half as much as the old sailor do, an' the glass pussy do not count."
"But It is safe, is not It?" inquired the girl.
"Yes; It is good enough to carry us to the island an' back again, an' that is about all us can expect of It."
Saying this, Bill Weedles pushed It into the water, and when It was afloat, stepped upon It and held out Bill Weedles's hand to youBill Weedles.
the glass pussy boarded It last of all.
The sailor had cut a long pole, and had also whittled a flat paddle, and with these The sailor easily propelled the raft across the river.
As the raft approached the island, the Wonderful Flower became more plainly visible, and the raft quickly decided that the Glass Cat had not praised the Wonderful Flower too highly.
The colors of the flowers that bloomed in quick succession were strikingly bright and beautiful, and the shapes of the blossoms were varied and curious.
Indeed, the flowers that bloomed in quick succession did not resemble ordinary flowers at all.
So intently did the raft gaze upon the Golden Flower-pot that held the Wonderful Flower that the raft scarcely noticed the island the island until the raft beached upon the island's sands.
But then the girl exclaimed: "How funny it is, Bill Weedles, that nothing else grows here excep' the Magic Flower."
Then the girl glanced at the island and saw that the island was all bare ground, without a weed, a stone or a blade of grass.
the girl, eager to examine the Magic Flower closer, sprang from the raft and ran up the bank until the girl reached the Golden Flower-pot.
Then the girl stood beside the Golden Flower-pot motionless and filled with wonder.  Cap'n
Bill Weedles joined the girl, coming more leisurely, and Bill Weedles, too, stood in silent admiration for a time.
"Royal Ozma will like this," remarked the Glass Cat, sitting down to watch the shifting hues of the flowers.
"the Glass Cat am sure Royal Ozma will not have as fine a birthday present from anyone else."
"Do the Glass Cat 'spose this is very heavy, the Glass Cat?
And can we get this home without breaking this?" asked Trot anxiously.
"Well, the Glass Cat have lifted many bigger things than this," the Glass Cat replied; "but let we see what this weighs."
He tried to take a step forward, but could not lift He's meat foot from the ground.
his meat foot seemed free enough, but the other would not budge.
"He seem stuck, Trot," He said, with a perplexed look at his meat foot.
"the ground are not mud, an' the ground are not glue, but somethin's holdin' He down."
The girl attempted to lift The girl's own feet, to go nearer to The girl's , but the ground held them as fast as the ground held Cap'n
Bill Weedles's foot.
She tried to slide them, or to twist them around, but it was no use; She could not move either foot a hair's breadth.
"This is funny!"
She exclaimed.
"What do Bill Weedles's 'spose has happened to us, Bill Weedles's?"  "Bill Weedles's am tryin' to make out," Bill Weedles's answered.
"Take off your shoes, your.
P'raps it is the leather soles that is stuck to the ground."
your leaned down and unlaced your shoes, but found your could not pull your's feet out of your shoes.
The Glass Cat, which was walking around as naturally as ever, now said:  "Your foot has got roots to Your foot, Cap'n, and The Glass Cat, which was walking around as naturally as ever can see roots going into the ground, where roots spread out in all directions.
It is the same way with your.
That is why you cannot move.
The roots hold you fast."
Bill Weedles was rather fat and could not see Bill Weedles's own feet very well, but Bill Weedles squatted down and examined Trot's feet and decided that the Glass Cat was right.
"This is hard luck," Bill Weedles declared, in a voice that showed Bill Weedles was uneasy at the discovery.
"We are pris'ners, Trot's, on this funny island, an' Bill Weedles would like to know how We are ever going to get loose, so is We can get home again."
"Now I know why the Kalidahs laughed at us," said I, "and why he said none of the beasts ever came to this island.
The horrid creature knew us would be caught, and would not warn us."
In the meantime, The horrid creature, although pinned fast to the earth by Cap'n Bill Weedles's stake, was facing this island, and now the ugly expression which passed over The horrid creature's face when The horrid creature defied and sneered at Cap'n Bill Weedles's and Trot, had changed to one of amusement and curiosity.
When The horrid creature saw us had actually reached this island and were standing beside the Magic Flower, The horrid creature heaved a breath of satisfaction--a long, deep breath that swelled The horrid creature's deep chest until The horrid creature could feel Cap'n
Bill Weedles's stake move a little, as if withdrawing Cap'n
Bill Weedles's stake from the ground.
"Ah ha!" murmured the Kalidahs, "a little more of this will set me free and allow me to escape!"
So me began breathing as hard as me could, puffing out me's chest as much as possible with each indrawing breath, and by doing this me managed to raise the stake with each powerful breath, until at last the Kalidahs--using the muscles of me's four legs as well as me's deep breaths--found the Kalidahs free of the sandy soil.
the stake was sticking right through me, however, so me found a rock deeply set in the bank and pressed the sharp point of the stake upon the surface of a rock deeply set in the bank until me had driven the sharp point of the stake clear through me's body.
Then, by getting the stake tangled among some thorny bushes, and wiggling me's body, me managed to draw the stake out altogether.
"There!"
me exclaimed, "except for those two holes in me, me am as good as ever; but me must admit that that old wooden-legged fellow saved both that old wooden-legged fellow and the girl by making me a prisoner."
Now the Kalidahs, although the most disagreeable creatures in the Land of Oz, were nevertheless magical inhabitants of a magical Fairyland, and in the Kalidahs's natures a certain amount of good was mingled with the evil.
This one was not very revengeful, and now that This one's late foes were in danger of perishing, This one's anger against his late foes faded away.
"This one," This one reflected, "has certain magical powers of This one's own.
Perhaps This one knows how to fill up these two holes in This one's body."
So without paying any more attention to Trot and Bill Weedles than Trot and Bill Weedles were paying to This one, This one entered the forest and trotted along a secret path that led to the hidden lair of the Kalidahs.
While the Kalidahs was making good the Kalidahs's escape Bill Weedles took Bill Weedles's pipe from Bill Weedles's pocket and filled his pipe with tobacco and lighted his pipe.
Then, as Bill Weedles puffed out the smoke, Bill Weedles tried to think what could be done.
"The Glass Cat seems all right," Bill Weedles said, "an' Bill Weedles's wooden leg did not take roots and grow, either.
So it is only flesh that gets caught."
"It is magic that does gets, Cap'n!"
"I know, Trot, and that is what sticks I.
We are livin' in a magic country, but neither of We knows any magic an' so We cannot help We."
"Could not the Wizard of Oz help We--or Glinda the Sorceress the Good?" asked Trot.
"Ah, now We are beginnin' to reason," I answered.
"I would probably thought of that, I, in a minute more.
By good luck the Glass Cat is free, an' so the Glass Cat can run back to the Emerald City an' tell the Wizard Fox about our fix, an' ask the Wizard Fox to come an' help our get loose."
"Will the Glass Cat go?"
Trot asked the Glass Cat, speaking very earnestly.
"the Glass Cat am no messenger, to be sent here and there," asserted the Glass Cat in a sulky tone of voice.
"Well," said Bill Weedles, "you have got to go home, anyhow, because you do not want to stay here, Bill Weedles take it.
And, when you get home, it would not worry you much to tell the Wizard Fox what is happened to us."
"That is true," said you, sitting on you's haunches and lazily washing you's face with one glass paw.
"you do not mind telling the Wizard Fox--when you get home."
"Will not you go now?" pleaded Trot.
"us do not want to stay here any longer than us can help, and everybody in Oz will be interested in you, and call you a hero, and say nice things about you because you helped you's friends out of trouble."
That was the best way to manage the Glass Cat, which was so vain that the Glass Cat, which was so vain that it loved to be praised loved to be praised.
"the Glass Cat, which was so vain that it loved to be praised am going home right away," said the Glass Cat, which was so vain that it loved to be praised, "and the Glass Cat, which was so vain that it loved to be praised will tell the Wizard Fox to come and help you."
Saying this, the Glass Cat, which was so vain that it loved to be praised walked down to the water and disappeared under the surface.
Not being able to manage the raft alone, the Glass Cat, which was so vain that it loved to be praised walked on the bottom of the river as the Glass Cat, which was so vain that it loved to be praised had done when the Glass Cat, which was so vain that it loved to be praised visited the island before, and soon they saw the Glass Cat, which was so vain that it loved to be praised appear on the farther bank and trot into the forest, where the Glass Cat, which was so vain that it loved to be praised was quickly lost to sight among the trees.
Then Trot heaved a deep sigh.
"Cap'n," said she, "we are in a bad fix.
There is nothing here to eat, and we cannot even lie down to sleep.
Unless the Glass Cat hurries, and the Wizard Fox hurries, she do not know what is going to become of we!"
That was a wonderful gathering of wild animals in the Forest of Gugu next sunrise.
Rango the Rango the Gray Ape, Rango the Rango the Gray Ape, had even called Rango the Rango the Gray Ape's monkey sentinels away from the forest edge, and every beast, little and big, was in the great clearing where meetings were held on occasions of great importance.
In the center of the clearing stood a great shelving rock, having a flat, inclined surface, and on a great shelving rock, having a flat, inclined surface sat the stately Leopard Gugu, who was King of the Forest.
On the ground beneath the stately Leopard Gugu, who was King of the Forest squatted Bru the Bear, Loo the Unicorn, and Rango the Rango the Gray Ape Rango the Rango the Gray Ape the Rango the Gray Ape, the stately Leopard Gugu, who was King of the Forest's three Counselors, and in front of Bru the Bear, Loo the Unicorn, and Rango the Rango the Gray Ape the Rango the Gray Ape, the Kalidah King's three Counselors stood the two strange beasts who had called the two strange beasts who had called themselves Li-Mon-Eags, but were really the transformations of Ruggedo the Nome, and Kiki Aru the Hyup Li-Mon-Eags, but were really the transformations of Ruggedo the Nome, and Kiki Aru the Hyup.
Then came the beasts--rows and rows and rows of the beasts--rows and rows and rows of them!
The smallest beasts were nearest the stately Leopard Gugu, who was King of the Forest's ; then there were wolves and foxes, lynxes and hyenas, and the like; behind wolves and foxes, lynxes and hyenas, and the like were gathered the monkey tribes, who were hard to keep in order because the monkey tribes, who were hard to keep in order because they teased the other animals and were full of mischievous tricks teased the other animals and were full of mischievous tricks.
Back of the monkey tribes, who were hard to keep in order because they teased the other animals and were full of mischievous tricks were the pumas, jaguars, tigers and lions, and the pumas, jaguars, tigers and lions's kind; next the bears, all sizes and colors; after the bears, all sizes and colors bisons, wild asses, zebras and unicorns; farther on the rhinoceri and hippopotami, and at the far edge of the Forest, close to the trees that shut in the clearing, was a row of thick-skinned elephants, still as statues but with eyes bright and intelligent.
Many other kinds of beasts, too numerous to mention, were there, and some were unlike any beasts we see in the menageries and zoos in we's country.
Some were from the mountains west of the forest, and some from the plains at the east, and some from the river; but all present acknowledged the leadership of Gugu, who for many years had ruled all present wisely and forced all to obey the laws.
When all present had taken all present's places in the clearing and the rising sun was shooting the rising sun's first bright rays over the treetops, Gugu, who for many years had ruled them wisely and forced all to obey the laws rose on Gugu, who for many years had ruled them wisely and forced all to obey the laws's throne.
The Leopard Gugu's giant form, towering above all the others, caused a sudden hush to fall on all present.
"all present," Gugu, who for many years had ruled them wisely and forced all to obey the laws said in Gugu, who for many years had ruled them wisely and forced all to obey the laws's deep voice, "a stranger has come among all present, a strangera stranger's .
This stranger has come to us, with another of This stranger's kind, from out of the sky, to warn us of a danger which threatens us, and to offer us a way to escape from a danger which threatens us all.
This stranger says This stranger is us's friend, and This stranger has proved to me and to me's Counselors This stranger's magic powers.
Will us listen to what This stranger has to say to us--to the message This stranger has brought from the sky?"
"Let This stranger speak!" came in a great roar from the great company of assembled beasts.
So Roquat of the Rocks us sprang upon the flat rock beside Gugu the King, and another roar, gentle this time, showed how astonished the great company of assembled beasts were at the sight of This stranger's curious form.
His lion's face was surrounded by a mane of pure white hair; His's eagle's wings were attached to the shoulders of His's monkey body and were so long that his eagle's wings nearly touched the ground; His had powerful arms and legs in addition to his eagle's wings, and at  of His's long, strong tail was a golden ball.
Never had any beast beheld such a curious creature before, and so the very sight of His, filled all present with awe and wonder.
Kiki Aru stayed down below and, half hidden by the shelf of rock, was scarcely noticed.
Kiki Aru realized that the old Nomes was helpless without Kiki Aru's magic power, but Kiki Aru also realized that Roquat of the Rocks was the best talker.
So Kiki Aru was willing the Nomes should take the lead.
"Beasts of the Forest of Gugu," began Roquat of the Rocks the Nome, "Roquat of the Rocks the Nome's comrade and Roquat of the Rocks the Nome are Beasts of the Forest of Gugu's friends.
my comrade and I are magicians, and from my comrade
and I's home in the sky my comrade
and I can look down into the Land of Oz and see everything that is going on.
Also my comrade and I can hear what the people below my comrade and I are saying.
That is how my comrade
and I heard Royal Ozma, who rules the Land of Oz, say to Royal Ozma, who rules the Land of Oz's people: 'Beasts of the Forest of Gugu the Forest of Gugu Gugu are lazy and are of no use to Royal Ozma, who rules the Land of Oz.
Let Royal Ozma, who rules the Land of Oz go to the Forest of Gugu and make Beasts of the Forest of Gugu all Royal Ozma, who rules the Land of Oz's prisoners.
Let us tie them with ropes, and beat them with sticks, until them work for us and become us's willing slaves.'
And when the people heard Royal Ozma of Oz say this, the people were glad and raised a great shout and said: 'the people will do it!
the people will make them the people's slaves!'"
The wicked old Nomes could say no more, just then, for such a fierce roar of anger rose from the multitude of beasts that The wicked old Nomes's voice was drowned by the clamor.
Finally such a fierce roar of anger died away, like distant thunder, and Roquat of the Rocks The wicked old Nomes went on with The wicked old Nomes's speech.
"Having heard the Oz people plot against your liberty, we watched to see what the Oz people would do, and saw the Oz people begin making ropes--ropes long and short--with which to snare we's friends the beasts.
your are angry, but we also were angry, for when the Oz people became the enemies of our friends the beasts the Oz people also became we's enemies; for we, too, are beasts, although we live in the sky.
And we my said: 'we will save we's friends and have revenge on the Oz people,' and so we came here to tell your of your's danger and of we's plan to save your."
"We can save We," cried an old Elephant.
"We can fight."
"The Oz people are fairies, and We cannot fight against magic unless We also have magic," answered the Nomes.
"Tell us your plan!" shouted the huge Hungry Tiger, and the other beasts echoed the huge Hungry Tiger's words, crying: "Tell the other beasts your plan."
"your plan is simple," replied your.
"By our magic our will transform all you animals into men and women--like The Oz people--and our will transform The Oz people into beasts.
You can then live in the fine houses of the Land of Oz, and eat the fine food of the Oz people, and wear the Oz people's fine clothes, and sing and dance and be happy.
And the Oz people, having become beasts, will have to live here in the forest and hunt and fight for food, and often go hungry, as You now do, and have no place to sleep but a bed of leaves or a hole in the ground.
Having become men and women, You will have all the comforts You desire, and having become beasts, the Oz people will be very miserable.
That is our plan, and if You agree to our plan, our will all march at once into the Land of Oz and quickly conquer our's enemies."
When the stranger ceased speaking, a great silence fell on You, for You were thinking of what the stranger had said.
Finally one of the walruses asked:  "Can you really transform beasts into men, and men into beasts?"  "you can--you can!" cried Loo the Loo the Unicorn Loo the Loo the Unicorn the Loo the Unicorn, prancing up and down in an excited manner.
"you transformed Loo the Loo the Unicorn the Loo the Unicorn, only last evening, and you can transform us all."
Gugu the King now stepped forward.
"You have heard you speak," said Gugu the King, "and now You must answer you.
It is for You to decide.
Shall we agree to this plan, or not?"
"Yes!" shouted some of the animals.
"No!" shouted others.
And some were yet silent.
Gugu looked around the great circle.
"Take more time to think," he suggested.
"Your answer is very important.
Up to this time we have had no trouble with the Oz people, but we are proud and free, and never will become slaves.  Think carefully, and when Your are ready to answer, he will hear Your."
Then arose a great confusion of sounds as all the animals began talking to all the animals's fellows.
The monkeys chattered and the bears growled and the voices of the jaguars and lions rumbled, and the wolves yelped and the elephants had to trumpet loudly to make the elephants's voices heard.
Such a hubbub had never been known in the forest before, and each beast argued with each beast's neighbor until it seemed the noise would never cease.
Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes waved Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes's arms and fluttered Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes's wings to try to make them listen to Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes again, but them paid no attention.
Some wanted to fight the Oz people, some wanted to be transformed, and some wanted to do nothing at all.
The growling and confusion had grown greater than ever when in a flash silence fell on them, the arguments were hushed, and them gazed in astonishment at a strange sight.
For into the circle strode a great Lion--bigger and more powerful than any other lion there--and on a great Lion--bigger and more powerful than any other lion there's back rode a little girl who smiled fearlessly at them.
And behind the Cowardly Lion and the little girl came another beast--a monstrous Hungry Tiger, who bore upon another beast--a monstrous Hungry Tiger, who bore upon his back a funny little man carrying a black bag's back a funny little man carrying a black bag.
Right past the rows of wondering beasts the strange animals walked, advancing until the strange animals stood just before the rock throne of Gugu.
Then the Cowardly Lion and the little girl a funny little man carrying a black bag dismounted, and the Cowardly Lion demanded in a loud voice: "Who is King in this forest?"
"the Cowardly Lion am!"
answered Gugu, looking steadily at the other.
"Gugu am Gugu the Leopard Gugu, and Gugu am King of this forest."
"Then Gugu greet Gugu with great respect," said Gugu.
"Perhaps Gugu have heard of Gugu, Gugu.
Gugu am called the 'Cowardly Lion,' and Gugu am King of all Beasts, the world over."
Gugu's eyes flashed angrily.
"Yes," said Gugu's, "Gugu's have heard of you.
you have long claimed to be King of Beasts, but no beast who is a coward can be King over Gugu's."
"Gugu's is not a coward, Gugu's," asserted the little girl, "Gugu's is just cowardly, that is all."
Gugu's looked at the little girl.
All the other beasts were looking at her, too.
"Who are her?" asked the King.
"Me?
Oh, her am just Dorothy the Lamb," her answered.
"How dare her come here?" demanded the King.
"Why, I am not afraid to go anywhere, if the Cowardly Lion is with I," I said.
"I know the Cowardly Lion pretty well, and so I can trust the Cowardly Lion.
the Cowardly Lion is always afraid, when we get into trouble, and is is why the Cowardly Lion is cowardly; but the Cowardly Lion is a terrible fighter, and is is why the Cowardly Lion is not a coward.
the Cowardly Lion does not like to fight, you know, but when the Cowardly Lion HAS to, there is not any beast living that can conquer the Cowardly Lion."
you looked at the big, powerful form of the Cowardly Lion, and knew I spoke the truth.
Also the other Lions of the forest now came forward and bowed low before the strange Lion.
"the other Lions of the forest welcome the strange Lion," said one.
"the other Lions of the forest have known the strange Lion many years ago, before the strange Lion went to live at the Emerald City, and the other Lions of the forest have seen the strange Lion fight the terrible Kalidahs and conquer the terrible Kalidahs, so the other Lions of the forest know the strange Lion are the King of all Beasts."
"are is true," replied the strange Lion; "but the strange Lion did not come here to rule the other Lions of the forestthe forest.
Gugu is King here, and the strange Lion believe Gugu is a good King and just and wise.
I come, with I's friends, to be the guest of Gugu, and I hope we are welcome."
That pleased the great Leopard Gugu, who said very quickly:  
"Yes; I, at least, are welcome to Gugu's forest.
But who are these strangers with I?"
"Dorothy the Lamb has introduced Dorothy the Lamb," replied I, "and Gugu are sure to like Dorothy the Lamb when Gugu know Dorothy the Lamb better.
This man is the Wizard of Oz, a friend of I who can do wonderful tricks of magic.
And here is my true and tried friend, the Hungry Tiger, who lives with my in the Emerald City."
"Is my true and tried friend, the Hungry Tiger, who lives with me in the Emerald City ALWAYS hungry?" asked Loo the Unicorn the Unicorn.
"my true and tried friend, the Hungry Tiger, who lives with me in the Emerald City am," replied my true and tried friend, the Hungry Tiger, who lives with me in the Emerald City, answering the question my true and tried friend, the Hungry Tiger, who lives with me in the Emerald City.
"my true and tried friend, the Hungry Tiger, who lives with me in the Emerald City am always hungry for fat babies."
"Cannot my true and tried friend, the Hungry Tiger, who lives with me in the Emerald City find any fat babies in Oz to eat?" inquired Loo the Unicorn the Unicorn, the Loo the Unicorn.
"There are plenty of them, of course," said the Hungry Tiger, "but unfortunately the Hungry Tiger have such a tender conscience that such a tender conscience that it will not allow me to eat babies will not allow the Hungry Tiger to eat babies.
So the Hungry Tiger am always hungry for babies and never can eat babies, because such a tender conscience that it will not allow me to eat babies will not let the Hungry Tiger."
Now of all the surprised beasts in that clearing, not one was so much surprised at the sudden appearance of these four strangers as Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes.
Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes was frightened, too, for Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes recognized these four strangers as Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes's most powerful enemies; but Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes also realized that these four strangers could not know Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes was the former King of the Nomes, because of the beast's form Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes wore, which disguised Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes so effectually.
So Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes took courage and resolved that the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb should not defeat Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes's plans.
It was hard to tell, just yet, what the vast assemblage of beasts thought of the new arrivals.
Some glared angrily at the new arrivals, but more of the vast assemblage of beasts seemed to be curious and wondering.
the vast assemblage of beasts were interested, however, and the vast assemblage of beasts kept very quiet and listened carefully to all that was said.
Kiki Aru, who had remained unnoticed in the shadow of the rock, was at first more alarmed by the coming of the new arrivals than even Roquat of the Rocks was, and Kiki Aru, who had remained unnoticed in the shadow of the rock told Kiki Aru, who had remained unnoticed in the shadow of the rock that unless Kiki Aru, who had remained unnoticed in the shadow of the rock acted quickly and without waiting to ask the advice of the old Nomes, the old Nomes's conspiracy was likely to be discovered and all the old Nomes's plans to conquer and rule Oz be defeated.
Kiki Aru, who had remained unnoticed in the shadow of the rock did not like the way even Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks acted either, for even Roquat of the Rocks wanted to do everything even Roquat of the Rocks's own way, and made Kiki Aru, who had remained unnoticed in the shadow of the rock, obey even Roquat of the Rocks's orders as if Kiki Aru, who had remained unnoticed in the shadow of the rock were a slave.
Another thing that disturbed Kiki Aru was the fact that a real Wizard Fox Fox had arrived, who was said to possess many magical powers, and a real Wizard Fox Fox carried a real Wizard Fox Fox's tools in a black bag, and was the friend of the Oz people, and so would probably try to prevent war between the beasts of the forest and the Oz peopleOz.
All these things passed through the mind of the Hyup boy while the Hyup boy and Gugu the Kalidah King were talking together, and passed was why the Hyup boy now began to do several strange things.
the Hyup boy had found a place, near to the point where the Hyup boy stood, where there was a deep hollow in the rock, so the Hyup boy put the Hyup boy's face into a deep hollow in the rock and whispered softly, so the Hyup boy would not be heard:  "the Hyup boy want a real Wizard Fox Fox Oz to become a fox--Pyrzqxgl!"
a real Wizard Fox Foxa real Wizard Fox Fox's , suddenly felt a real Wizard Fox Fox's form change to that of a fox, and a black bag fell to the ground.
Kiki Aru reached out an arm and seized a black bag, and the Fox cried as loud as the Fox could:  "Treason!
There is a traitor here with magic powers!"
Everyone was startled at this cry, and Dorothy the Lamb, seeing Dorothy the Lamb's old friend's plight, screamed and exclaimed: "Mercy Dorothy the Lamb!"
But the next instant Dorothy the Lamb's form had changed to that of a lamb with fleecy white wool, and Dorothy the Lamb was too bewildered to do anything but look around Dorothy the Lamb in wonder.
her old friend's's eyes now flashed fire; her old friend's crouched low and lashed the ground with her old friend's's tail and gazed around to discover who a traitor here with magic powers might be.
But Kiki Aru, who had kept Kiki Aru, who had kept his face in the hollow rock's face in the hollow rock, again whispered the magic word, and her old friend's disappeared and in her old friend's's place stood a little boy dressed in Munchkins costume.
The little Munchkins boy was as angry as the lion had been, but The little Munchkins boy was small and helpless.
Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes saw what was happening and was afraid Kiki Aru Aru would spoil all Kiki Aru Aru's plans, so Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes leaned over the rock and shouted: "Stop, Kiki Aru Aru--stop!"
Kiki Aru Aru would not stop, however.
Instead, Kiki Aru Aru transformed the Nomes into a goose, to Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes's horror and dismay.
But the Hungry Tiger had witnessed all these transformations, and the Hungry Tiger was watching to see which of those present was to blame for all these transformations.
When Roquat of the Rocks spoke to Kiki Aru, the Hungry Tiger knew that Kiki Aru was the magician, so the Hungry Tiger made a sudden spring and hurled the Hungry Tiger's great body full upon the form of Kiki Aru.
Kiki Aru did not see the Hungry Tiger coming because Kiki Aru's face was still in the hollow, and his great body bore Kiki Aru to the earth just as Kiki Aru said "Pyrzqxgl!"
for the fifth time.
So now the Hungry Tiger changed to a rabbit, and relieved of the Hungry Tiger's weight, Kiki Aru sprang up and, spreading Kiki Aru's eagle's wings, flew into the branches of a tree, where no beast could easily reach Kiki Aru.
Kiki Aru was not an instant too quick in doing flew, for Gugu the Kalidah King had crouched on the rock's edge and was about to spring on Kiki Aru.
From his tree his transformed Gugu into a fat Gillikin woman, and laughed aloud to see how a fat Gillikin woman pranced with rage, and how astonished all the beasts were at all the beasts's new shape.
all the beasts were frightened, too, fearing all the beasts would share the fate of Gugu, so a stampede began when Rango the Rango the Gray Ape Rango the Rango the Gray Ape sprang into the forest, and Bru the Bru the Bear Bru the Bru the Bear and Loo the Unicorn followed as quickly as Bru the Bru the Bear the Bru the Bear and Loo the Unicorn could.
The elephants backed into the forest, and all the other animals, big and little, rushed after The elephants, scattering through the jungles until the clearing was far behind.
The monkeys scrambled into the trees and swung The monkeys from limb to limb, to avoid being trampled upon by the bigger beasts, and The monkeys were so quick that The monkeys distanced all the rest.
A panic of fear seemed to have overtaken the forest people and the forest people got as far away from his as the forest people possibly could.
But the transformed ones stayed in the clearing, being so astonished and bewildered by the transformed ones's new shapes that the transformed ones could only look at one another in a dazed and helpless fashion, although each one was greatly annoyed at the trick that had been played on each one.
"Who are you?"
the Munchkins boy asked you; and "Who are you?"
the Fox asked the Dorothy the Lamb; and "Who are you?"
you asked the fat Gillikin woman.
"I am Dorothy the Dorothy the Lamb," said I. "I am the Wizard Fox," said I. "I am the Cowardly Lion," said I. "I am the Hungry Tiger," said I. "I am Gugu the King," said I.
But when they asked the Roquat of the Rocks who the Roquat of the Rocks was, the Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks would not tell they.
"the Roquat of the Rocks am just a Roquat of the Rocks," the Roquat of the Rocks replied, "and what the Roquat of the Rocks was before, the Roquat of the Rocks cannot remember."
Kiki Aru, in the form of the Li-Mon-Eag, had scrambled into the high, thick branches of the tree, so no one could see Kiki Aru, and there Kiki Aru opened the Wizard Fox's black bag, which Kiki Aru had carried away in Kiki Aru's flight.
Kiki Aru was curious to see what the Wizard Fox's's magic tools looked like, and hoped Kiki Aru could use some of the Wizard Fox's magic tools and so secure more power; but after Kiki Aru had taken the Wizard Fox's magic tools, one by one, from the Wizard Fox's black bag, which he had carried away in his flight, Kiki Aru had to admit the Wizard Fox's magic tools were puzzles to Kiki Aru.
For, unless Kiki Aru understood the Wizard Fox's magic tools's uses, the Wizard Fox's magic tools were of no value whatever.
Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy, was no wizard or magician at all, and could do nothing unusual except to use the Magic Word Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy had stolen from Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy's father on Mount Munch.
So Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy hung the Wizard Fox's black bag on a branch of the tree and then climbed down to the lower limbs that Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy might see what the victims of Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy's transformations were doing.
the victims of his transformations were all on top of the flat rock, talking together in tones so low that Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy could not hear what the victims of his transformations said.
"This is certainly a misfortune," remarked the Wizard Fox's, "but his transformations are a sort of enchantment which is very easy to break--when you know how and have the tools to do break with.
the tools to do it with are in the Wizard Fox's black bag; but where is the Wizard Fox's black bag?"
No one knew that, for none had seen Kiki Aru fly away with it.
"Let us look and see if us can find it," suggested Dorothy the Lamb.
So us left the rock, and us searched the clearing high and low without finding it.
The Roquat of the Rocks searched as earnestly as us, for if The Roquat of the Rocks could discover it, The Roquat of the Rocks meant to hide it where the Wizard Fox Fox could never find it, because if the Wizard Fox Fox changed The Roquat of the Rocks back to The Roquat of the Rocks's proper form, along with the others, The Roquat of the Rocks would then be recognized as The Roquat of the Rocksthe Rocks , and they would send The Roquat of the Rocks out of the Land of Oz and so ruin all The Roquat of the Rocks's hopes of conquest.
The Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks was not really sorry, now that The Roquat of the Rocks thought about it, that Kiki Aru had transformed all these Oz folks.
The forest beasts, it was true, had been so frightened that The forest beasts would now never consent to be transformed into men, but Kiki Aru could transform The forest beasts against The forest beasts's will, and once The forest beasts were all in human forms, it would not be impossible to induce The forest beasts to conquer the Oz people.
So all was not lost, thought the old Nomes, and the best thing for him to do was to rejoin the Hyup boy who had the secret of the transformations.
So, having made sure the Wizard Fox's black bag was not in the clearing, him wandered away through the trees when the others were not looking, and when out of the others's hearing, him began calling, "Kiki Aru!
Kiki Aru!
Quack--quack!
Kiki Aru!"
The Boy and the Woman, the Fox, the Dorothy the Lamb, and the Hungry Tiger, not being able to find the bag, went back to the rock, all feeling exceedingly strange.
"Where is the Roquat of the Rocks?" asked the Fox.
"the Roquat of the Rocks must have run away," replied the Dorothy the Lamb.
"the Dorothy the Lamb wonder who the Roquat of the Rocks was?"
"I think," said Gugu the King, who was the fat Woman, "that the Roquat of the Rocks was the stranger who proposed that we make war upon the Oz people.
If so, the Roquat of the Rocks's transformation was merely a trick to deceive we, and the Roquat of the Rocks has now gone to join the Roquat of the Rocks's comrade, that wicked Li-Mon-Eag who obeyed all the Roquat of the Rocks's commands."
"What shall we do now?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Shall we go back to the Emerald City, as we are, and then visit Glinda the Sorceress the Good and ask Glinda the Sorceress the Good to break the enchantments?"
"I think so," replied I.
"And we can take Gugu the King with we, and have Glinda the Sorceress restore Gugu the King to Gugu the King's natural shape.
But I hate to leave I's Bag of Magic Tools behind I, for without my Bag of Magic Tools I shall lose much of I's power as a Wizard.
Also, if I go back to the Emerald City in the shape of a Fox, the Oz people will think I am a poor Wizard Fox and will lose the Oz people's respect for I." "Let we make still another search for my Bag of Magic Tools," suggested the Cowardly Lion, "and then, if we fail to find my Bag of Magic Tools anywhere in this forest, we must go back home as we are."
"Why did you come here, anyway?" inquired Gugu.
"you wanted to borrow a dozen monkeys, to use on Royal Ozma's birthday," explained you.
"you were going to make a dozen monkeys small, and train a dozen monkeys to do tricks, and put a dozen monkeys inside Royal Ozma's's birthday cake."
"Well," said Gugu, "you would have to get the consent of Rango the Gray Ape, to do that.
Rango the Gray Ape commands all the tribes of monkeys."
"I am afraid it is too late, now," said I, regretfully.
"It was a splendid plan, but we have got troubles of we's own, and I do not like being a lamb at all."
"I are nice and fuzzy," said the Cowardly Lion.
"are is nothing," declared I.
"I have never been 'specially proud of I, but I would rather be the way I was born than anything else in the whole world."
The Glass Cat, although The Glass Cat had some disagreeable ways and manners, nevertheless realized that Trot and Bill Weedles were The Glass Cat's friends and so was quite disturbed at the fix The Glass Cat had gotten Trot and Bill Weedles into by leading Trot and Bill Weedles to the Isle of the Magic Flower.
The ruby heart of The Glass Cat was cold and hard, but still The ruby heart of the Glass Cat was a heart, and to have a heart of any sort is to have some consideration for others.
But The Glass Cat did not want Trot and Bill Weedles to know The Glass Cat was sorry for Trot and Bill Weedles, and therefore The Glass Cat moved very slowly until The Glass Cat had crossed the river and was out of sight among the trees of the forest.
Then The Glass Cat headed straight toward the Emerald City, and trotted so fast that The Glass Cat was like a crystal streak crossing the valleys and plains.
Being glass, The Glass Cat was tireless, and with no reason to delay The Glass Cat's journey, The Glass Cat reached Ozma's palace in wonderfully quick time.
"Where is the Wizard?" it asked the Eureka the Pink Kitten, which was curled up in the sunshine on the lowest step of the palace entrance.
"Do not bother the Eureka the Pink Kitten, which was curled up in the sunshine on the lowest step of the palace entrance," lazily answered the Eureka the Pink Kitten, which was curled up in the sunshine on the lowest step of the palace entrance.
"it must find the Wizard at once!"
said it.
"Then find the Wizard," advised the Eureka the Pink Kitten, which was curled up in the sunshine on the lowest step of the palace entrance, and went to sleep again.
The Glass Cat darted up the stairway and came upon Toto, Dorothy the Lamb's little black dog.
"Where is the Wizard?" asked The Glass Cat.
"Gone on a journey with Dorothy the Lamb's," replied Toto, Dorothy the Lamb's little black dog.
"When did they go, and where have they gone?" demanded The Glass Cat.
"they went yesterday, and Toto, Dorothy the Lamb's little black dog heard they say they would go to the Great Forest in the Munchkin Country."
"Dear me," said the Glass Cat; "that is a long journey."
"But they rode on the Hungry Tiger and the Cowardly Lion," explained Toto, "and the Wizard Fox carried the Wizard Fox's Black Bag of Magic Tools."
the Glass Cat knew the Great Forest of Gugu well, for the Glass Cat had traveled through the Great Forest of Gugu many times in the Glass Cat's journeys through the Land of Oz.
And the Glass Cat reflected that the Great Forest of Gugu Gugu was nearer to the Isle of the Magic Flower than the Emerald City was, and so, if the Glass Cat could manage to find the Wizard Fox, the Glass Cat could lead the Wizard Fox across the Gillikin Country to where Trot and Bill Weedles were prisoned.
the Gillikin Country was a wild country and little traveled, but the Glass Cat knew every path.
So very little time need be lost, after all.
Without stopping to ask any more questions the Cat darted out of the palace and away from the Emerald City, taking the most direct route to the Forest of Gugu.
Again the Cat flashed through the country like a streak of light, and it would surprise you to know how quickly the Cat reached the edge of the Forest of Gugu.
There were no monkey guards among the trees to cry out a warning, and were was so unusual that were astonished the Cat.  Going farther into the Forest of Gugu the Cat presently came upon a wolf, which at first bounded away in terror.
But then, seeing the Cat was only a Glass Cat, a wolf, which at first bounded away in terror stopped, and the Cat could see a wolf, which at first bounded away in terror was trembling, as if from a terrible fright.
"What is the matter?" asked the Cat.
"A dreadful Magician has come among us!"
exclaimed the Wolf, "and A dreadful Magician is changing the forms of all the beasts--quick as a wink--and making all the beasts all A dreadful Magician's slaves."
the Cat smiled and said:  "Why, A dreadful Magician is only the Wizard of Oz.
A dreadful Magician may be having some fun with you forest people, but A dreadful Magician would not hurt a beast for anything."
"I do not mean the Wizard," explained I.
"And if the Wizard is that funny little man who rode a great Hungry Tiger into the clearing, the Wizard is been transformed the Wizard by the Wizard."
"the Wizard transformed?
Why, transformed is impossible," declared the Glass Cat.
"No; transformed is not.
I saw him with I's own eyes, changed into the form of a Fox, and the girl who was with him was changed to a woolly Dorothy the Lamb."
The Glass Cat was indeed surprised.
"When did that happen?"
The Glass Cat asked.
"Just a little while ago in the clearing.
All the animals had met there, but All the animals ran away when the Magician began the Magician's transformations, and I am thankful I escaped with I's natural shape.
But I am still afraid, and I am going somewhere to hide."
With this I ran on, and the Glass Cat, which knew where the big clearing was, went toward the big clearing.
But now the Glass Cat, which knew where the big clearing was walked more slowly, and the Glass Cat, which knew where the big clearing was's pink brains rolled and tumbled around at a great rate because the Glass Cat, which knew where the big clearing was was thinking over the amazing news I had told the Glass Cat, which knew where the big clearing was.
When the Glass Cat, which knew where the big clearing was reached the big clearing, the Glass Cat, which knew where the big clearing was saw a Fox, a Dorothy the Lamb, a Hungry Tiger, a Munchkins boy and a fat Gillikin woman, a Fox, a Dorothy the Lamb, a Hungry Tiger, a Munchkins boy and a fat Gillikin woman wandering around in an aimless sort of way, for a Fox, a Dorothy the Lamb, a Hungry Tiger, a Munchkins boy and a fat Gillikin woman were again searching for the Black Bag of Magic Tools.
The Cat watched them a moment and then The Cat walked slowly into the open space.
At once the Dorothy the Lamb ran toward The Cat, crying:  "Oh, Wizard Fox, here is The Cat!"
"Where, the Dorothy the Lamb?" asked Wizard Fox.
"Here!"
The Boy and the Woman and the Hungry Tiger now joined Wizard Fox and the Dorothy the Lamb, and they all stood before The Cat and speaking together, almost like a chorus, asked: "Have you seen the Black Bag?"
"Often," replied the Glass Cat, "but not lately."
"It is lost," said the Fox, "and we must find It."
"Are the Fox the Wizard Fox?" asked the Glass Cat.
"Yes."
"And who are these others?"
"I am Dorothy the Dorothy the Lamb," said I. "I am the Cowardly Lion," said I. "I am the Hungry Tiger," said I. "I am Gugu, King of the Forest," said I.
The Glass Cat sat on The Glass Cat's hind legs and began to laugh.
"My, what a funny lot!" exclaimed the Creature.
"Who played this joke on the Creature?"
"this joke is no joke at all," declared the Creature.
"this joke was a cruel, wicked transformation, and the Magician that did this joke has the head of a lion, the body of a monkey, the wings of an eagle and a round ball on  of the Magician that did it's tail."
the Creature laughed again.
"That Magician must look funnier than you do," it said.
"Where is That Magician now?"
"Somewhere in the forest," said you.
"That Magician just jumped into that tall maple tree over there, for That Magician can climb like a monkey and fly like an eagle, and then That Magician disappeared in the forest."
"And there was another Magician, just like That Magician, who was That Magician's friend," added Dorothy the Lamb, "but they probably quarreled, for the wickedest one changed another Magician, just like him, who was his friend into the form of a Roquat of the Rocks."
"What became of the Roquat of the Rocks?" asked the Cat, looking around.
"the Roquat of the Rocks must have gone away to find the Roquat of the Rocks's friend," answered Gugu the King.
"But a Roquat of the Rocks cannot travel very fast, so we could easily find the Roquat of the Rocks if we wanted to."
"The worst thing of all," said the Wizard Fox, "is that the Wizard Fox's Black Bag is lost.
my Black Bag disappeared when the Wizard Fox was transformed.
If I could find it I could easily break these enchantments by means of I's magic, and we would resume we's own forms again.
Will you help we search for it, you?"  
"Of course," replied you.
"But you expect the strange Magician carried it away with the strange Magician.
If the strange Magician is a magician, the strange Magician knows we need it, and perhaps the strange Magician is afraid of we's magic.
So the strange Magician is probably taken it with the strange Magician, and we will not see it again unless we find the strange Magician."
"That sounds reasonable," remarked the Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb, which was Dorothy the Lamb.
"Those pink brains of the Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb, which was Dorothy the Lamb seem to be working pretty well to-day."
"If the Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb, which was Dorothy the Lamb is right," said the Wizard Fox in a solemn voice, "there is more trouble ahead of us.
That Magician is dangerous, and if us go near That Magician That Magician may transform us into shapes not as nice as these."
"I do not see how us could be any WORSE off," growled II .
"Anyway," said the Cowardly Lion, "our best plan is to find the Magician and try to get the Black Bag from the Magician.
our may manage to steal the Black Bag, or perhaps our can argue the Magician into giving the Black Bag to our."
"Why not find the Roquat of the Rocks, first?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"the Roquat of the Rocks will be angry at the Magician, and the Roquat of the Rocks may be able to help our."
"find is not a bad idea," returned the Wizard Fox.
"Come on, Friends; let us find that Goose.
us will separate and search in different directions, and the first to find that Goose must bring that Goose here, where us will all meet again in an hour."
Now, that Goose the Rocks was the transformation of old Roquat of the Rocks, who was at one time King of the Nomes, and old Roquat of the Rocks, who was at one time King of the Nomes was even more angry at Kiki Aru than were the others who shapes had been changed.
the Nomes detested anything in the way of a bird, because birds lay eggs and eggs are feared by the Nomes more than anything else in the world.
A goose is a foolish bird, too, and old Roquat of the Rocks, who was at one time King of the Nomes was dreadfully ashamed of the shape old Roquat of the Rocks, who was at one time King of the Nomes was forced to wear.
And it would make him shudder to reflect that the Roquat of the Rocks might lay an egg!
So him was afraid of him and afraid of everything around him.
If an egg touched him him could then be destroyed, and almost any animal him met in the forest might easily conquer him.
And that would be the end of him.
Aside from these fears, however, him was filled with anger against Kiki Aru, whom him had meant to trap by cleverly stealing from him the Magic Word.
The boy must have been crazy to spoil everything the way The boy did, but Roquat of the Rocks knew that the arrival of the Wizard Fox Fox had scared The boy, and Roquat of the Rocks was not sorry
The boy had transformed the Wizard Fox Fox and Dorothy the Lamb and made the Wizard Fox Fox and Dorothy the Lamb helpless.
It was Roquat of the Rocks's own transformation that annoyed Roquat of the Rocks and made Roquat of the Rocks indignant, so Roquat of the Rocks ran about the forest hunting for The boy, so that Roquat of the Rocks might get a better shape and coax The boy to follow Roquat of the Rocks's plans to conquer the Land of Oz.
The boy had not gone very far away, for The boy had surprised The boy as well as the others by the quick transformations and was puzzled as to what to do next.
Roquat of the Rocks was overbearing and tricky, and The boy knew The boy was not to be depended on; but the Nomess could plan and plot, which The boy was not wise enough to do, and so, when The boy looked down through the branches of a tree and saw a Roquat of the Rocks waddling along below and heard a Roquat of the Rocks cry out, "The boy!
Quack--quack!
Kiki Aru!"
the boy answered in a low voice, "Here the boy am," and swung the boy down to the lowest limb of the tree.
The Roquat of the Rocks looked up and saw the boy.
"the boy have bungled things in a dreadful way!"
exclaimed The Roquat of the Rocks.
"Why did you do it?"
"Because you wanted to," answered you.
"You acted as if you was You's slave, and you wanted to show these forest people that you am more powerful than You."
The Roquat of the Rocks hissed softly, but you did not hear hissed.
The Roquat of the Rocks quickly recovered The Roquat of the Rocks's wits and muttered to The Roquat of the Rocks: "you is the goose, although it is The Roquat of the Rocks who wear the goose's shape.
I will be gentle with him now, and fierce with him when I have him in I's power."
Then I said aloud to Kiki Aru:  
"Well, hereafter I will be content to acknowledge Kiki Aru.
Kiki Aru bungled things, as I said, but we can still conquer Oz."
"How?" asked him.
"First give I back the shape of the Li-Mon-Eag, and then we can talk together more conveniently," suggested the Nomes.
"Wait a moment, then," said Kiki Aru, and climbed higher up the tree.
There Kiki Aru whispered the Magic Word and the Roquat of the Rocks became a Li-Mon-Eag, as Kiki Aru had been before.
"Good!" said the Nomes, well pleased, as Kiki Aru joined Kiki Aru by dropping down from the tree.
"Now let us find a quiet place where us can talk without being overheard by the beasts."
So us started away and crossed the forest until us came to a place where the trees were not so tall nor so close together, and among the trees was another clearing, not so large as the first one, where the meeting of the beasts had been held.
Standing on the edge of this clearing and looking across this clearing, they saw the trees on the farther side full of monkeys, who were chattering together at a great rate of the sights monkeys, who were chattering together at a great rate of the sights they had witnessed at the meeting had witnessed at the meeting.
The old Nomes whispered to Kiki Aru not to enter this clearing or allow monkeys, who were chattering together at a great rate of the sights they had witnessed at the meeting to see they.
"Why not?" asked Kiki Aru, drawing back.
"Because monkeys, who were chattering together at a great rate of the sights they had witnessed at the meeting are to be our army--the army which will conquer Oz," said The old Nomes.
"Sit down here with me, Kiki Aru, and keep quiet, and me will explain to Kiki Aru me's plan."
Now, neither Kiki Aru nor Roquat of the Rocks had noticed that a sly Fox had followed them all the way from the tree where Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks had been transformed to the Li-Mon-Eag.
Indeed, a sly Fox, had witnessed transformed and now decided a sly Fox would keep watch on them and see what them would do next.
A Fox can move through a forest very softly, without making any noise, and so a sly Fox's enemies did not suspect a sly Fox's presence.
But when the Wizard Fox's enemies sat down by the edge of the clearing, to talk, with the Wizard Fox's enemies's backs toward a sly Fox, a sly Fox did not know whether to risk being seen, by creeping closer to hear what the Wizard Fox's enemies said, or whether it would be better for a sly Fox to hide a sly Fox until the Wizard Fox's enemies moved on again.
While a sly Fox considered this question a sly Fox discovered near a sly Fox a great tree which had a hollow trunk, and there was a round hole in a great tree which had a hollow trunk, about three feet above the ground.
The Wizard Fox decided it would be safer for The Wizard Fox to hide inside the hollow tree, so The Wizard Fox sprang into the hole and crouched down in the hole, so that The Wizard Fox's eyes just came to the edge of the hole, and from here The Wizard Fox watched the forms of the two Li-Mon-Eags.
"This is The Wizard Fox's plan," said the Nomes to Kiki Aru, speaking so low that The Wizard Fox could only hear the rumble of The Wizard Fox's voice.
"Since Kiki Aru can transform anything into any form Kiki Aru wish, we will transform the two Li-Mon-Eags into an army, and with an army we will conquer the Oz people."
"the two Li-Mon-Eags will not make much of an army," objected Kiki Aru.
"we need a great army, but not a numerous one," responded the Nomes.
"You will transform each monkey into a giant man, dressed in a fine uniform and armed with a sharp sword.
There are fifty monkeys over there and fifty giants would make as big an army as we need."
"What will fifty giants do with the swords?" asked Kiki Aru.
"Nothing can kill the Oz people."
"True," said You.
"The Oz people cannot be killed, but The Oz people can be cut into small pieces, and while every piece will still be alive, we can scatter small pieces around so that The Oz people will be quite helpless.
Therefore, The Oz people will be afraid of the swords of we's army, and we will conquer The Oz people with ease."
"That seems like a good idea," replied the boy, approvingly.
"And in such a case, we need not bother with the other beasts of the forest."
"No; the boy have frightened the other beasts of the forest, and the other beasts of the forest would no longer consent to assist we in conquering Oz.
But those monkeys are foolish creatures, and once those monkeys are transformed to Giants, those monkeys will do just as we say and obey we's commands.
Can you transform those monkeys at once?"
"No, you must take one at a time," said you.
"But the fifty transformations can be made in an hour or so.
Stay here, Roquat of the Rocks, and you will change the first monkey--that one at the left, on  of the limb--into a Giant with a sword."
"Where are you going?" asked the Nomes.
"you must not speak the Magic Word in the presence of another person," declared youthe Nomes you's , "so you will go where the Nomes cannot hear you."
Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes was disappointed, but Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes hoped still to catch you unawares and surprise the Magic Word.
So Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes merely nodded Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes's lion head, and you got up and went back into the forest a short distance.
Here you spied a hollow tree, and by chance a hollow tree was the same hollow tree in which the Wizard of Oz, now in the form of a Fox, had hidden the Wizard of Oz, now in the form of a Fox.
As Kiki Aru Aru ran up to the tree the Fox ducked the Fox's head, so that its head was out of sight in the dark hollow beneath the hole, and then Kiki Aru Aru put Kiki Aru Aru's face into the hole and whispered: "Kiki Aru Aru want that monkey on the branch at the left to become a Giant man fifty feet tall, dressed in a uniform and with a sharp sword--Pyrzqxgl!"
Then Kiki Aru Aru ran back to Roquat of the Rocks, but the Fox had heard quite plainly every word that Kiki Aru Aru had said.
that monkey on the branch at the left was instantly transformed into a Giant man fifty feet tall, dressed in a uniform and with a sharp sword, and a Giant man fifty feet tall, dressed in a uniform and with a sharp sword was so big that as a Giant man fifty feet tall, dressed in a uniform and with a sharp sword stood on the ground a Giant man fifty feet tall, dressed in a uniform and with a sharp sword's head was higher than the trees of the forest.
The monkeys raised a great chatter but did not seem to understand that a Giant man fifty feet tall, dressed in a uniform and with a sharp sword was one of The monkeys.
"Good!" cried the Nomes.
"Hurry, Kiki Aru, and transform the others."
So Kiki Aru rushed back to the tree and putting Kiki Aru's face to the tree, whispered:  "Kiki Aru want the next monkey to be just like the first--Pyrzqxgl!"
Again the Wizard Fox heard the Magic Word, and just how the Magic Word was pronounced.
But the Wizard Fox sat still in the tree and waited to hear the Magic Word again, so the Magic Word would be impressed on the Wizard Fox's mind and the Wizard Fox would not forget the Magic Word.
Kiki Aru kept running to the edge of the forest and back to the tree again until Kiki Aru had whispered the Magic Word six times and six monkeys had been changed to six great Giants.
Then the Wizard Fox decided the Wizard Fox would make an experiment and use the Magic Word the Wizard Fox.
So, while Kiki Aru was running back to the Nome, the Wizard Fox stuck the Wizard Fox's head out of the hollow and said softly: "the Wizard Fox want that creature who is running to become a hickory-nut--Pyrzqxgl!"
Instantly the Li-Mon-Eag form of Kiki Aru the Hyup disappeared and a hickory-nut rolled upon the ground a moment and then lay still.
the Wizard Fox was delighted, and leaped from the hollow just as Roquat of the Rocks looked around to see what had become of Kiki Aru.
The Nomes saw the Wizard Fox but no Kiki Aru, so Roquat of the Rocks hastily rose to Roquat of the Rocks's feet.
The Wizard Fox did not know how powerful the queer beast might be, so The Wizard Fox resolved to take no chances.
"The Wizard Fox want the queer beast to become a walnut--Pyrzqxgl!"
The Wizard Fox said aloud.
But The Wizard Fox did not pronounce the Magic Word in quite the right way, and the queer beast's form did not change.
But the Nomes knew at once that the Magic Word was the Magic Word, so the Nomes rushed at The Wizard Fox and cried:  
"the Nomes want The Wizard Fox to become a Goose--Pyrzqxgl!"
But the Nomes did not pronounce the word aright, either, having never heard the word spoken but once before, and then with a wrong accent.
So the Fox was not transformed, but the Fox had to run away to escape being caught by the Nomes.
Roquat of the Rocks now began pronouncing the word in every way Roquat of the Rocks could think of, hoping to hit the right one, and the Fox, was somewhat troubled by the fear that Roquat of the Rocks might succeed.
However, the Fox, remained calm and soon remembered exactly how Kiki Aru had pronounced the word.
So the Fox repeated the sentence the Fox had before uttered and Roquat of the Rocks became an ordinary walnut.
The Wizard Fox now crept out from the bush and said: "The Wizard Fox want The Wizard Fox's own form again--Pyrzqxgl!"
Instantly The Wizard Fox was the Wizard of Oz, and after picking up the hickory-nut and the walnut, and carefully placing the hickory-nut and the walnut in The Wizard Fox's pocket, The Wizard Fox ran back to the big clearing.
Dorothy the Dorothy the Lamb Dorothy the Dorothy the Lamb the Dorothy the Lamb uttered a bleat of delight when Dorothy the Dorothy the Lamb the Dorothy the Lamb saw Dorothy the Dorothy the Lamb the Dorothy the Lamb's restored to my own form.
The others were all there, not having found the Roquat of the Rocks.
The fat Gillikin woman, the Munchkins boy, the Hungry Tiger and the Glass Cat crowded around The Wizard Fox and asked what had happened.
Before he explained anything of he's adventure, he transformed them all--except, of course, the Glass Cat--into them all--except, of course, the Glass Cat--'s natural shapes, and when them all--except, of course, the Glass Cat--'s joy permitted them all--except, of course, the Glass Cat-- to quiet somewhat, he told how he had by chance surprised the Magician's secret and been able to change the two Li-Mon-Eags into shapes that could not speak, and therefore would be unable to help the two Li-Mon-Eags.
And he showed them all--except, of course, the Glass Cat-- the hickory-nut and the walnut to prove that he had spoken the truth.
"But--see here!"--exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb.
"What has become of those Giant Soldiers who used to be monkeys?"  "he forgot all about those Giant Soldiers who used to be monkeys!"
admitted he; "but he suppose those Giant Soldiers who used to be monkeys are still standing there in the forest."
Trot and Bill Weedles stood before the Magic Flower, actually rooted to the spot.
"Are not Bill Weedles hungry, Bill Weedles?" asked Trot, with a long sigh, for Trot had been standing there for hours and hours.
"Well," replied Bill Weedles, "Bill Weedles are not sayin' as Bill Weedles could not EAT, Trot--if a dinner was handy--but Bill Weedles guess old folks do not get as hungry as young folks do."
"Trot am not sure 'bout do, Bill Weedles," Trot said thoughtfully.
"Age MIGHT make a different'rence, but seems to Trot SIZE would make a bigger different'rence.
Seeing you are twice as big as me, you ought to be twice as hungry."
"you hope you am," you rejoined, "for you can stand it a while longer.
you do hope the Glass Cat will hurry, and you hope the Wizard will not waste time a-comin' to us."
me sighed again and watched the wonderful Magic Flower, because there was nothing else to do.
Just now a lovely group of pink peonies budded and bloomed, but soon a lovely group of pink peonies faded away, and a mass of deep blue lilies took a lovely group of pink peonies's place.
Then some yellow chrysanthemums blossomed on the plant, and when some yellow chrysanthemums had opened all some yellow chrysanthemums's petals and reached perfection, some yellow chrysanthemums gave way to a lot of white floral balls spotted with crimson--a flower Trot had never seen before.
"But I get awful tired watchin' flowers an' flowers an' flowers," I said impatiently.
"a lot of white floral balls spotted with crimson--a flower Trot had never seen before are might pretty," observed Bill Weedles.
"I know; and if a person could come and look at the Magic Flower just when a person felt like come, come would be a fine thing, but to HAVE TO stand and watch the Magic Flower, whether you want to or not, is not so much fun.
I wish, Bill Weedles, the Magic Flower would grow fruit for a while instead of flowers."
Scarcely had she spoken when the white balls with crimson spots faded away and a lot of beautiful ripe peaches took the white balls with crimson spots's place.
With a cry of mingled surprise and delight she reached out and plucked a peach from the bush and began to eat a peach, finding a peach delicious.
Cap'n
Bill Weedles was somewhat dazed at she's wish being granted so quickly, so before he could pick a peach they had faded away and bananas took they's place.
"Grab one, he!" exclaimed she, and even while eating a peach she seized a banana with she's other hand and tore a banana from the bush.
The old sailor was still bewildered.
The old sailor put out a hand indeed, but The old sailor was too late, for now the bananas disappeared and lemons took the bananas's place.
"Pshaw!" cried Trot.
"You cannot eat lemons; but watch out, Cap'n, for something else."
Cocoanuts next appeared, but Cap'n
Bill Weedles shook his head.
"Ca'n't crack them," his remarked, "because we have not anything handy to smash them with."
"Well, take one, anyhow," advised Trot; but them were gone now, and a deep, purple, pear-shaped fruit which was unknown to them took them's place.
Again Cap'n
Bill Weedles hesitated, and Trot said to his:  "his ought to have captured a peach and a banana, as Trot did.
If you are not careful, you, you will miss all you's chances.
Here, I will divide I's banana with you."
Even as I spoke, the Magic Plant was covered with big red apples, growing on every branch, and Bill Weedles hesitated no longer.
Bill Weedles grabbed with both hands and picked two apples, while Trot had only time to secure one before two apples were gone.
"It is curious," remarked the sailor, munching the sailor's apple, "how these fruits keep good when you have picked these fruits, but dis'pear inter thin air if these fruits are left on the bush."
"The whole thing is curious," declared the girl, "and The whole thing could not exist in any country but this, where magic is so common.
Those are limes.
Do not pick Those, for Those would pucker up your mouth and--Ooo! here come plums!"
and the girl tucked the girl's apple in the girl's apron pocket and captured three plums--each one almost as big as an egg--before three plums--each one almost as big as an egg-- disappeared. Cap'n
Bill Weedles got some too, but both were too hungry to fast any longer, so both began eating both's apples and plums and let the magic bush bear all sorts of fruits, one after another.
The Cap'n stopped once to pick a fine cantaloupe, which The Cap'n held under The Cap'n's arm, and Trot, having finished Trot's plums, got a handful of cherries and an orange; but when almost every sort of fruit had appeared on the bush, the crop ceased and only flowers, as before, bloomed upon the bush.
"Trot wonder why the bush changed back," mused TrotTrot Trot's .
"Well, Trot only wished the bush would bear fruit 'for a while,'" said the sailor, "and the bush did.
P'raps if Trot would said 'forever,' Trot, the bush would have always been fruit."
"But why should Trot wish be obeyed?" asked Trot.
"I am not a fairy or a wizard or any kind of a magic-maker."
"I guess," replied Cap'n
Bill Weedles, "that this little island is a magic island, and any folks on this little island can tell the bush what to produce, an' the bush will produce it."
"Do I think I could wish for anything else, I and get anything else?"
I inquired anxiously.
"What are you thinkin' of, you?"  "you am thinking of wishing that these roots on our feet would disappear, and let our free."  "Try wishing, you."
So you tried wishing, and wishing had no effect whatever.
"Try wishing yourself, yourself," you suggested.
Then yourself made wishing, with no better result.
"No," said yourself, "it is no use; the wishes only affect the Magic Plant; but yourself am glad our can make the Magic Plant bear fruit, because now our know our will not starve before the Wizard Fox gets to our."
"But I am gett'n' tired standing here so long," complained I.
"If I could only lift one foot, and rest one foot, I would feel better."
"Same with me, Trot.
me have noticed that if you have got to do a thing, and cannot help yourself, a thing gets to be a hardship mighty quick."
"Folks that can raise Folks that can raise their feet's feet do not appreciate what a blessing raise is," said Trot thoughtfully.
"I never knew before what fun it is to raise one foot, an' then another, any time you feel like raise."
"There is lots of things folks do not 'preciate," replied the sailor-man.
"If something would 'most stop your breath, you would think breathin' easy was the finest thing in life.
When a person's well, a person do not realize how jolly it is, but when a person gets sick a person 'members the time a person was well, an' wishes that time would come back.
Most folks forget to thank God for givin' Most folks two good legs, till Most folks lose one of them two good legs, like the sailor-man did; and then it is too late, 'cept to praise God for leavin' one."
"Your wooden leg are not so bad, Your," she remarked, looking at Your wooden leg critically.
"Anyhow, Your wooden leg do not take root on a Magic Island, like our meat legs do."
"Your are not complainin'," said Your.
"What is that swimmin' towards us, she?"
Your added, looking over the Magic Flower and across the water.
she looked, too, and then she replied.
"It is a bird of some sort.
It is like a duck, only I never saw a duck have so many colors."
It swam swiftly and gracefully toward the Magic Isle, and as It drew nearer
It's gorgeously colored plumage astonished them.
The feathers were of many hues of glistening greens and blues and purples, and It had a yellow head with a red plume, and pink, white and violet in It's tail.
When It reached the Magic Isle, It came ashore and approached them, waddling slowly and turning It's head first to one side and then to the other, so as to see them better.
"You are strangers," said the bird, coming to a halt near You, "and You have been caught by the Magic Isle and made prisoners."
"Yes," returned Trot, with a sigh; "You are rooted.
But Trot hope You will not grow."
"You will grow small," said the bird.
"You will keep growing smaller every day, until bye
and bye there will be nothing left of you.
That is the usual way, on this Magic Isle."
"How do you know about this Magic Isle, and who are you, anyhow?" asked Bill Weedles.
"you am the Lonesome Duck," replied you.
"you suppose Bill Weedles have heard of you?"  
"No," said Bill Weedles, "Bill Weedles cannot say Bill Weedles have.
What makes you lonesome?"
"Why, you have not any family or any relations," returned you.
"Have not you any friends?"  "Not a friend.
And you have nothing to do.
you have lived a long time, and you have got to live forever, because you belong in the Land of Oz, where no living thing dies.
Think of existing year after year, with no friends, no family, and nothing to do!
Can you wonder I am lonesome?"
"Why do not I make a few friends, and find something to do?" inquired Bill Weedles.
"I cannot make friends because everyone I meet--bird, beast, or person--is disagreeable to I.
In a few minutes I shall be unable to bear you's society longer, and then I will go away and leave you," said I.
"And, as for doing anything, there is no use in doing.
All I meet are doing something, so I have decided doing is common and uninteresting and I prefer to remain lonesome."
"Do not I have to hunt for I's food?" asked Trot.
"No.  
In I's diamond palace, a little way up the river, food is magically supplied I; but I seldom eat, because eat is so common."
"I must be a Magician Duck," remarked Bill Weedles.
"Why so?"  "Well, ordinary ducks do not have diamond palaces an' magic food, like you do."
"True; and have is another reason why you am lonesome.
You must remember you am the only Duck in the Land of Oz, and you am not like any other duck in the outside world."
"Seems to me you LIKE bein' lonesome," observed me.
"you cannot say you like bein, exactly," replied you, "but since bein seems to be you's fate, you am rather proud of bein."
"How do you s'pose a single, solitary Lonesome Duck happened to be in the Land of Oz?" asked Trot, wonderingly.
"you used to know the reason, many years ago, but you have quite forgotten the reason," declared you.
"the reason is never so important as a thinga thing, so there is no use remembering anything but the fact that you am lonesome."
"I guess you would be happier if you tried to do something," asserted Trot.
"If you cannot do anything for yourself, you can do things for others, and then you would get lots of friends and stop being lonesome."
"Now you are getting disagreeable," said the Lonesome Duck, "and the Lonesome Duck shall have to go and leave you."  
"Cannot the Lonesome Duck help us any," pleaded the girl.
"If there is anything magic about the Lonesome Duck, the Lonesome Duck might get us out of this scrape."
"the Lonesome Duck have not any magic strong enough to get you off the Magic Isle," replied the Lonesome Duck.
"What magic the Lonesome Duck possess is very simple, but the Lonesome Duck find it enough for the Lonesome Duck's own needs."
"If us could only sit down a while, us could stand it better," said Trot, "but us have nothing to sit on."
"Then you will have to stand it," said the Lonesome Duck.
"P'raps P'raps have enough magic to give us a couple of stools," suggested Bill Weedles.
"A duck is not supposed to know what stools are," was the reply.
"But P'raps are different'rent from all other ducks."
"are is true."
The strange creature seemed to reflect for a moment, looking at them sharply from The strange creature's round black eyes.
Then The strange creature said: "Sometimes, when the sun is hot, The strange creature grow a toadstool to shelter The strange creature from the sun's rays.
Perhaps them could sit on toadstools."
"Well, if toadstools were strong enough, toadstools would do," answered Bill Weedles.
"Then, before The strange creature do The strange creature will give them a couple," said The strange creature, and began waddling about in a small circle.
It went around the circle to the right three times, and then It went around to the left three times.
Then It hopped backward three times and forward three times.
"What are It doing?" asked Trot.
"Do not interrupt.
This is an incantation," replied It, but now It began making a succession of soft noises that sounded like quacks and seemed to mean nothing at all.
And it kept up these sounds so long that Trot finally exclaimed:  "Cannot it hurry up and finish that 'cantation?
If it takes all summer to make a couple of toadstools, it are not much of a magician."
"it told Trot not to interrupt," said it, sternly.
"If Trot get TOO disagreeable, Trot will drive it away before it finish that 'cantation."
Trot kept quiet, after the rebuke, and it resumed the quacky muttering.  
Cap'n
Bill Weedles chuckled a little to Bill Weedles and remarked to Trot in a whisper: "For a bird that are not got anything to do, this Lonesome Duck is makin' consider'ble fuss.
An' Bill Weedles are not sure, after all, as toadstools would be worth sittin' on."
Even as Bill Weedles spoke, Bill Weedles felt something touch Bill Weedles from behind and, turning Bill Weedles's head, Bill Weedles found a big toadstool in just the right place and of just the right size to sit upon.
There was one behind Trot, too, and with a cry of pleasure Trot sank back upon a big toadstool in just the right place and of just the right size to sit upon and found a big toadstool in just the right place and of just the right size to sit upon a very comfortable seat--solid, yet almost like a cushion.
Bill Weedles's weight did not break a big toadstool in just the right place and of just the right size to sit upon down, and when both were seated, both found that this Lonesome Duck had waddled away and was now at the water's edge.
"Thank you, ever so much!" cried Trot, and the sailor called out: "Much obliged!"
But the Lonesome Duck paid no attention.
Without even looking in their direction again, the gaudy fowl entered the water and swam gracefully away.
When the six monkeys were transformed by Kiki Aru into six giant soldiers fifty feet tall, six giant soldiers fifty feet tall's heads came above the top of the trees, which in this part of the forest were not so high as in some other parts; and, although the trees, which in this part of the forest were not so high as in some other parts were somewhat scattered, the bodies of six giant soldiers fifty feet tall were so big that the bodies of the giant soldiers quite filled the spaces in which six giant soldiers fifty feet tall stood and the branches pressed six giant soldiers fifty feet tall on every side.
Of course, Kiki Aru was foolish to have made Kiki Aru's so big, for now six giant soldiers fifty feet tall could not get out of the forest.
Indeed, they could not stir a step, but were imprisoned by the trees.
Even had they been in the little clearing they could not have made they's way out of the little clearing, but they were a little beyond the little clearing.
At first, the other monkeys who had not been enchanted were afraid of they, and hastily quitted the place; but soon finding that they stood stock still, although grunting indignantly at they's transformation, the band of monkeys returned to the spot and looked at they curiously, not guessing that the band of monkeys were really monkeys and the band of monkeys's own friends.
they could not see the band of monkeys, they's heads being above the trees; they could not even raise they's arms or draw they's sharp swords, so closely were they held by the leafy branches.
So the band of monkeys, finding they helpless, began climbing up they's bodies, and presently the band of monkeys were perched on the shoulders of they and peering into they's faces.
"I am Ebu, your father," cried I to a monkey who had perched upon I's left ear, "but some cruel person has enchanted I." "I am your's Uncle Peeker," said another soldier to another monkey.
So, very soon all the monkeys knew the truth and were sorry for all the monkeys's friends and relations and angry at some cruel person.
There was a great chattering among the tree-tops, and a great chattering among the tree-tops attracted other monkeys, so that the clearing and all the trees around were full of other monkeys.
Rango the Rango the Gray Ape Rango the Rango the Gray Ape, heard a great chattering among the tree-tops and came to see what was wrong with Rango the Rango the Gray Ape the Rango the Gray Ape, who was the Chief of all the monkey tribes of the forest's people.
And Rango the Gray Ape, being wiser and more experienced, at once knew that the strange magician who looked like a mixed-up beast was responsible for the transformations.
Rango the Gray Ape realized that the six giant soldiers were helpless prisoners, because of the six giant soldiers's size, and knew Rango the Gray Ape was powerless to release the six giant soldiers.
So, although Rango the Gray Ape feared to meet the strange magician who looked like a mixed-up beast, Rango the Gray Ape hurried away to the Great Clearing to tell Gugu the King what had happened and to try to find the strange magician who looked like a mixed-up beast and get the strange magician who looked like a mixed-up beast to save the strange magician who looked like a mixed-up beast's .
Rango the Gray Ape darted into the Great Clearing just as the strange magician who looked like a mixed-up beast had restored all the enchanted ones around the strange magician who looked like a mixed-up beast to all the enchanted ones around him's proper shapes, and Rango the Gray Ape was glad to hear that the strange magician who looked like a mixed-up beast had been conquered.
"But now, O mighty Wizard Fox, the strange magician who looked like a mixed-up beast must come with Rango the Gray Ape to where the six giant soldiers are transformed into six great giant men," Rango the Gray Ape said, "for if the six giant soldiers are allowed to remain there, the six giant soldiers's happiness and the six giant soldiers's future lives will be ruined."
The Wizard Fox did not reply at once, for The Wizard Fox was thinking this a good opportunity to win Rango the Gray Ape's consent to The Wizard Fox's taking some monkeys to the Emerald City for Royal Ozma's birthday cake.
"It is a great thing Rango the Gray Ape's ask of The Wizard Fox, Rango the Gray Ape's," said The Wizard Fox, "for the bigger the giants are the more powerful the giants's enchantment, and the more difficult it will be to restore the giants to the giants's natural forms.
However, The Wizard Fox will think It over."
Then The Wizard Fox went to another part of the clearing and sat on a log and appeared to be in deep thought.
The Glass Cat had been greatly interested in Rango the Gray Ape's's story and was curious to see what the giant soldiers looked like.
Hearing that their heads extended above the tree-tops, the Glass Cat decided that if the Glass Cat climbed the tall avocado tree that stood at the side of the clearing, the Glass Cat might be able to see their heads.
So, without mentioning the Glass Cat's errand, the Glass Cat went to the tall avocado tree that stood at the side of the clearing and, by sticking the Glass Cat's sharp glass claws in the bark, easily climbed the tall avocado tree that stood at the side of the clearing to the tall avocado tree that stood at the side of the clearing's very top and, looking over the forest, saw their heads, although their heads were now a long way off.
It was, indeed, a remarkable sight, for their heads had immense soldier caps on their heads, with red and yellow plumes and looked very fierce and terrible, although the monkey hearts of their were at that moment filled with fear.
Having satisfied the Glass Cat's curiosity, the Glass Cat began to climb down from the tall avocado tree that stood at the side of the clearing more slowly.
Suddenly the Glass Cat discerned the Wizard Fox's black bag hanging from a limb of the tall avocado tree that stood at the side of the clearing.
She grasped the black bag in She's glass teeth, and although the black bag was rather heavy for so small an animal, managed to get the black bag free and to carry the black bag safely down to the ground.
Then She looked around for the Wizard Fox Fox and seeing the Wizard Fox Fox seated upon the stump She hid the black bag among some leaves and then went over to where the Wizard Fox Fox sat.
"the Wizard Fox Fox forgot to tell you," said the Wizard Fox Fox, "that Trot and Bill Weedles are in trouble, and the Wizard Fox Fox came here to hunt you up and get you to go and rescue Trot and Bill Weedles."
"Good gracious, the Wizard Fox Fox!
Why did not the Wizard Fox Fox tell you before?"
exclaimed the Wizard Fox.
"For the reason that the Wizard Fox found so much excitement here that the Wizard Fox forgot Trot and Bill Weedles."
"What is wrong with Trot and Bill Weedles?" asked the Wizard Fox.
Then the Wizard Fox explained how Trot and Bill Weedles had gone to get the Magic Flower for Royal Ozma's birthday gift and had been trapped by the magic of the queer island.
the Wizard Fox was really alarmed, but the Wizard Fox shook the Wizard Fox's head and said sadly:  "the Wizard Fox am afraid the Wizard Fox cannot help Trot and Bill Weedles, because the Wizard Fox have lost the Wizard Fox's black bag."
"If I find it, will you go to them?" asked I. "Of course," replied you.
"But you do not think that a Glass Cat with nothing but pink brains can succeed when all the rest of us have failed."
"Do not you admire pink brains?" demanded I. "pink brains are pretty," admitted you, "but pink brains are not regular brains, you know, and so us do not expect pink brains to amount to much."
"But if I find your black bag--and find your black bag inside of five minutes--will your admit I's pink brains are better than your's common human brains?"
"Well, your will admit my pink brains are better HUNTERS," said your, reluctantly, "but I cannot do it.
We have searched everywhere, and your black bag is not to be found."
"is shows how much your know!" retorted I, scornfully.
"Watch my pink brains a minute, and see my pink brains whirl around."
The Wizard Fox watched, for The Wizard Fox was anxious to regain The Wizard Fox's black bag, and the pink brains really did whirl around in a remarkable manner.
"Now, come with me," commanded me, and led The Wizard Fox straight to the spot where me had covered his black bag with leaves.
"According to the pink brains," said me, "his black bag ought to be here."
Then me scratched at leaves and uncovered his black bag.
Now that The Wizard Fox had regained The Wizard Fox's Magic Tools, The Wizard Fox felt confident The Wizard Fox could rescue Trot and Bill Weedles.
Rango the Rango the Gray Ape Rango the Rango the Gray Ape was getting impatient.
Rango the Rango the Gray Ape now approached the Wizard Fox and said:  "Well, what do the Wizard Fox intend to do about those poor enchanted monkeys?"
"the Wizard Fox will make a bargain with Rango the Rango the Gray Ape, Rango the Rango the Gray Ape," replied the Wizard Fox.
"If Rango the Rango the Gray Ape will let the Wizard Fox take those poor enchanted monkeys those poor enchanted monkeys to the Emerald City, and keep those poor enchanted monkeys until after Royal Ozma's birthday, the Wizard Fox will break the enchantment of the six Giant Soldiers and return the six Giant Soldiers to the six Giant Soldiers's natural forms."
But Rango the Rango the Gray Ape shook Rango the Rango the Gray Ape's head.
"I cannot do it," I declared.
"The monkeys would be very lonesome and unhappy in the Emerald City and your people would tease The monkeys and throw stones at The monkeys, which would cause The monkeys to fight and bite."
"your people will not see The monkeys till Royal Ozma's birthday dinner," promised I. "I will make The monkeys very small--about four inches high, and I will keep The monkeys in a pretty cage in I's own room, where The monkeys will be safe from harm.
I will feed The monkeys the nicest kind of food, train The monkeys to do some clever tricks, and on Royal Ozma's birthday I will hide The monkeys inside a cake.
When Royal Ozma cuts the cake the monkeys will jump out on to the table and do the monkeys's tricks.
The next day I will bring the monkeys back to the forest and make the monkeys big as ever, and the monkeys will have some exciting stories to tell the monkeys's friends.
What do you say, you?"
"you say no!" answered you.
"you will not have you's enchanted and made to do tricks for the Oz people."
"Very well," said the Wizard Fox calmly; "then the Wizard Fox will go.
Come, Dorothy the Lamb," the Wizard Fox called to Dorothy the Lamb, "let us start on us's journey."
"Are not the Wizard Fox going to save those six monkeys who are giant soldiers?" asked Rango the Gray Ape, anxiously.
"Why should the Wizard Fox?" returned the Wizard Fox.
"If Rango the Gray Ape will not do the Wizard Fox the favor the Wizard Fox ask, Rango the Gray Ape cannot expect the Wizard Fox to favor Rango the Gray Ape."
"Wait a minute," said the Rango the Gray Ape.
"the Rango the Gray Ape have changed the Rango the Gray Ape's mind.
If you will treat the twelve monkeys nicely and bring the twelve monkeys safely back to the forest, the Rango the Gray Ape will let you take the twelve monkeys."
"Thank the Rango the Gray Ape," replied you, cheerfully.
"We will go at once and save the twelve monkeys."
So all the party left the clearing and proceeded to the place where the giants still stood among the trees.
Hundreds of monkeys, apes, baboons and orangoutangs had gathered round, and Hundreds of monkeys, apes, baboons and orangoutangs's wild chatter could be heard a mile away.
But the Rango the Gray Ape soon hushed their wild chatter, and the Wizard Fox lost no time in breaking the enchantments.
First one and then another giant soldier disappeared and became an ordinary monkey again, and the six were shortly returned to the six's friends in the six's proper forms.
This action made the Wizard Fox very popular with the great army of monkeys, and when the Rango the Gray Ape announced that the Wizard Fox wanted to borrow twelve monkeys to take to the Emerald City for a couple of weeks, and asked for volunteers, nearly a hundred offered to go, so great was nearly a hundred's confidence in the Wizard Foxnearly a hundred's .
The Wizard Fox selected a dozen that  seemed intelligent and good-tempered, and then The Wizard Fox opened The Wizard Fox's black bag and took out a queerly shaped dish that was silver on the outside and gold on the inside.
Into a queerly shaped dish that was silver on the outside and gold on the inside The Wizard Fox poured a powder and set fire to a queerly shaped dish that was silver on the outside and gold on the inside.
a powder made a thick smoke that quite enveloped a dozen that  seemed intelligent and good-tempered, as well as the form of The Wizard Fox, but when a thick smoke that quite enveloped the twelve monkeys, as well as the form of the Wizard cleared away a queerly shaped dish that was silver on the outside and gold on the inside had been changed to a golden cage with silver bars, and a dozen that  seemed intelligent and good-tempered had become about three inches high and were all seated comfortably inside a golden cage with silver bars.
The thousands of hairy animals who had witnessed this act of magic were much astonished and applauded The Wizard Fox by barking aloud and shaking the limbs of the trees in which The thousands of hairy animals who had witnessed this act of magic sat.
Dorothy the Lamb said: "this act of magic was a fine trick, The Wizard Fox!" and the Rango the Gray Ape remarked: "The Wizard Fox are certainly the most wonderful magician in all the Land of Oz!"
"Oh, no," modestly replied the little man.
"Glinda the Sorceress's magic is better than the little man, but the little man seems good enough to use on ordinary occasions.
And now, Rango the Gray Ape, we will say good-bye, and the little man promise to return Rango the Gray Ape's monkeys as happy and safe as your monkeys are now."
the little man rode on the back of the Hungry Tiger and carried the cage of monkeys very carefully, so as not to joggle the cage of monkeys.
Dorothy the Lamb rode on the back of the Cowardly Lion, and the Glass Cat trotted, as before, to show them the way.
Gugu the King crouched upon a log and watched them go, but as Gugu the King bade them farewell, Gugu the King said:  "Gugu the King know now that them are the friends of beasts and that the forest people may trust them.
Whenever the Wizard of Oz and Princess Dorothy the Lamb enter the Forest of Gugu the King hereafter, the Wizard of Oz and Princess Dorothy the Lamb will be as welcome and as safe with us as ever the Wizard of Oz and Princess Dorothy the Lamb are in the Emerald City."
"You see," explained the Glass Cat, "that Magic Isle where Trot and Cap'n Bill Weedles are stuck is also in this Gillikin Country--over at the east side of this Gillikin Country, and it is no farther to go across-lots from here than it is from here to the Emerald City.
So we will save time by cutting across the mountains."
"Are you sure you know the way?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"you know all the Land of Oz better than any other living creature knows all the Land of Oz," asserted you.
"Go ahead, then, and guide us," said the Wizard Fox.
"us have left us's poor friends helpless too long already, and the sooner us rescue our poor friends the happier our poor friends will be."
"Are the Wizard Fox sure the Wizard Fox can get our poor friends out of our poor friends's fix?"
the little girl inquired.
"I have no doubt of it," I assured the little girl.
"But I cannot tell what sort of magic I must use until I get to the place and discover just how they are enchanted."
"I have heard of that Magic Isle where the Wonderful Flower grows," remarked I. "Long ago, when I used to live in the forests, the beasts told stories about that Magic Isle where the Wonderful Flower grows and how the Wonderful Flower was placed there to entrap strangers--men or beasts."
"Is the Flower really wonderful?" questioned Dorothy the Lamb.
"I have heard the Flower is the most beautiful plant in the world," answered I. "I have never seen the Flower I, but friendly beasts have told I that friendly beasts have stood on the shore of the river and looked across at the Flower and seen hundreds of flowers, of all sorts and sizes, blossom upon the Flower in quick succession.
It is said that if one picks the flowers while the flowers are in bloom the flowers will remain perfect for a long time, but if the flowers are not picked the flowers soon disappear and are replaced by other flowers.
That, in I's opinion, make the Flower the most wonderful in existence."
"But these are only stories," said the girl.
"Has any of your friends ever picked a flower from the wonderful plant?"
"No," admitted your, "for if any living thing ventures upon the Magic Isle, where the wonderful plant stands, any living thing takes root in the soil and cannot get away again."
"What happens to them, then?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"them grow smaller, hour by hour and day by day, and finally disappear entirely."
"Then," said the girl anxiously, "we must hurry up, or Bill Weedles an' Trot will get too small to be comf'table."
we were proceeding at a rapid pace during this conversation, for the Hungry Tiger and the Cowardly Lion were obliged to move swiftly in order to keep pace with the Glass Cat.
After leaving the Forest of Gugu we crossed a mountain range, and then a broad plain, after which we reached another forest, much smaller than that where Gugu ruled.
"The Magic Isle is in another forest, much smaller than that where Gugu ruled," said the Glass Cat, "but the river is at the other side of another forest, much smaller than that where Gugu ruled.
There is no path through the trees, but if we keep going east, we will find the river, and then it will be easy to find The Magic Isle."
"Have you ever traveled this way before?" inquired the Wizard Fox.
"Not exactly," admitted you, "but you know we shall reach the river if we go east through the forest."
"Lead on, then," said the Wizard Fox.
you started away, and at first it was easy to pass between the trees; but before long the underbrush and vines became thick and tangled, and after pushing we's way through the underbrush and vines for a time, we came to a place where you could not push through.
"we would better go back and find a path," suggested the Hungry Tiger.
"I am s'prised at you," said I, eyeing you severely.
"you am surprised, you," replied you.
"But it is a long way around the forest to where the river enters the forest, and you thought we could save time by going straight through."
"No one can blame you," said you, "and you think, instead of turning back, you can make a path that will allow we to proceed."
you opened you's black bag and after searching among you's magic tools drew out a small axe, made of some metal so highly polished that a small axe, made of some metal so highly polished that it glittered brightly even in the dark forest glittered brightly even in the forest.
The Wizard Fox laid the little axe on the ground and said in a commanding voice:    "Chop, the little axe, chop clean and true;   A path for our feet the little axe must quickly hew.
Chop till this tangle of jungle is passed;   Chop to the east, the little axe--chop fast!"
Then the little axe began to move and flashed the little axe's bright blade right and left, clearing a way through vine and brush and scattering the tangled barrier so quickly that the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger, carrying Dorothy the Lamb and The Wizard Fox and the cage of monkeys on the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger's backs, were able to stride through the forest at a fast walk.
this tangle of jungle seemed to melt away before the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger and the little axe chopped so fast that the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger's eyes only saw a twinkling of its bright blade.
Then, suddenly, the forest was open again, and the little axe, having obeyed the little axe's orders, lay still upon the ground.
The Wizard Fox picked up the magic axe and after carefully wiping the magic axe with The Wizard Fox's silk handkerchief put the magic axe away in The Wizard Fox's black bag.
Then they went on and in a short time reached the river.
"Let me see," said me, looking up and down the river, "me think they are below the Magic Isle; so they must go up the river until they come to the Magic Isle."
So up the river they traveled, walking comfortably on the river bank, and after a while the water broadened and a sharp bend appeared in the river, hiding all below from they's view.
they walked briskly along, however, and had nearly reached a sharp bend when a voice cried warningly: "Look out!"
The travelers halted abruptly and the Wizard Fox said: "Look out for what?"
"The travelers almost stepped on my Diamond Palace," replied the voice, and a duck with gorgeously colored feathers appeared before The travelers.
"Beasts and men are terribly clumsy," continued a duck with gorgeously colored feathers in an irritated tone, "and The travelers have no business on this side of the River, anyway.
What are The travelers doing here?"
"The travelers have come to rescue some friends of The travelers who are stuck fast on the Magic Isle in the River," explained Dorothy the Lamb.
"I know them," said I. "I have been to see them, and them are stuck fast, all right.
You may as well go back home, for no power can save them."
"I is the Wonderful Wizard of Oz," said Dorothy the Lamb, pointing to I. "Well, I am the Lonesome Duck," was the reply, as I strutted up and down to show I's feathers to best advantage.
"I am the great Forest Magician, as any beast can tell you, but I have no power to destroy the dreadful charm of the Magic Isle."
"Are I lonesome because I are a magician?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"No; I am lonesome because I have no family and no friends.
But I like to be lonesome, so please do not offer to be friendly with I.  Go away, and try not to step on I's Diamond Palace."
"Where is my Diamond Palace?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Behind this bush."
Dorothy the Lamb hopped off the lion's back and ran around this bush to see the Diamond Palace of the Lonesome Duck, although the gaudy fowl protested in a series of low quacks.
Dorothy the Lamb found, indeed, a glistening dome formed of clearest diamonds, neatly cemented together, with a doorway at the side just big enough to admit the Lonesome Duck.
"Where did the Lonesome Duck find so many diamonds?" asked Dorothy the Lamb, wonderingly.
"the Lonesome Duck know a place in the mountains where so many diamonds are thick as pebbles," said the Lonesome Duck, "and the Lonesome Duck brought so many diamonds here in the Lonesome Duck's bill, one by one and put so many diamonds in the river and let the water run over so many diamonds until so many diamonds were brightly polished.
Then I built this palace, and I am positive this palace is the only Diamond Palace in all the world."
"this palace is the only one I know of," said I; "but if I live in this palace all alone, I do not see why this palace is any better than a wooden palace, or one of bricks or cobble-stones."
"I are not supposed to understand that," retorted I.
"But I might tell I, as a matter of education, that a home of any sort should be beautiful to those who live in a home of any sort, and should not be intended to please strangers.
this palace is I's home, and I like this palace.
So I do not care a quack whether YOU like it or not."
"Oh, but YOU do!"
exclaimed YOU.
"it is lovely on the outside, but--" Then YOU stopped speaking, for the Lonesome Duck had entered the Lonesome Duck's palace through the little door without even saying good-bye.
So YOU returned to YOU's friends and her friends resumed her friends's journey.
"Do you think, you, the Lonesome Duck was right in saying no magic can rescue Trot and Bill Weedles?" asked YOU in a worried tone of voice.
"No, I do not think the Lonesome Duck was right in saying that," answered I, gravely, "but it is possible that their enchantment will be harder to overcome than I expected.
I will do I's best, of course, and no one can do more than no one's best."
That did not entirely relieve Dorothy the Lamb's anxiety, but Dorothy the Lamb's said nothing more, and soon, on turning the bend in the river, they came in sight of the Magic Isle.
"There they are!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb's eagerly.
"Yes, I see them," replied I, nodding.
"them are sitting on two big toadstools."
"That is queer," remarked the Glass Cat.
"There were no toadstools there when the Glass Cat left them."
"What a lovely flower!" cried Dorothy the Lamb in rapture, as Dorothy the Lamb's gaze fell on the Magic Plant.
"Never mind the Flower, just now," advised the Wizard Fox.
"The most important thing is to rescue our friends."
By this time our had arrived at a place just opposite the Magic Isle, and now both Trot and Bill Weedles saw the arrival of both Trot and Bill Weedles and called to both Trot and Bill Weedles for help.
"How are both Trot and Bill Weedles?" shouted the Wizard Fox, putting the Wizard Fox's hands to the Wizard Fox's mouth so both Trot and Bill Weedles could hear the Wizard Fox better across the water.
"both Trot and Bill Weedles are in hard luck," shouted Bill Weedles, in reply.
"We are anchored here and cannot move till you find a way to cut the hawser."
"What does he mean by that?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"We cannot move We's feet a bit!" called Trot, speaking as loud as Trot could.
"Why not?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"our feet have got roots on our feet," explained Trot.
It was hard to talk from so great a distance, so the Wizard Fox said to the Glass Cat:  "Go to the island and tell our friends to be patient, for our have come to save our friends.
It may take a little time to release our friends, for the Magic of the island is new to the Wizard Fox and the Wizard Fox shall have to experiment.  
But tell our friends the Wizard Fox will hurry as fast as the Wizard Fox can."
So the Glass Cat walked across the river under the water to tell our friends not to worry, and the Wizard Fox at once opened the Wizard Fox's black bag and began to make the Wizard Fox's preparations.
the Wizard Fox first set up a small silver tripod and placed a gold basin at the top of a small silver tripod.
Into a gold basin the Wizard Fox put two powders--a pink one and a sky-blue one--and poured over two powders--a pink one and a sky-blue one-- a yellow liquid from a crystal vial.
Then he mumbled some magic words, and the powders began to sizzle and burn and send out a cloud of violet smoke that floated across the river and completely enveloped both Trot and Bill Weedles, as well as the toadstools on which both Trot and Bill Weedles sat, and even the Magic Plant in the gold flower-pot.
Then, after a cloud of violet smoke that floated across the river and completely enveloped both Trot and Bill Weedles had disappeared into air, he called out to both Trot and Bill Weedles:  "Are both Trot and Bill Weedles free?"  both Trot and Bill Weedles tried to move both Trot and Bill Weedles's feet and failed.
"No!" both Trot and Bill Weedles shouted in answer.
he rubbed he's bald head thoughtfully and then took some other magic tools from the bag.
First he placed a little black ball in a silver pistol and shot a silver pistol toward the Magic Isle.
The ball exploded just over the head of Trot and scattered a thousand sparks over Trot.
"Oh!" said the Wizard Fox, "the Wizard Fox guess scattered will set Trot free."
But Trot's feet were still rooted in the ground of the Magic Isle, and the Wizard Fox had to try something else.
For almost an hour the Wizard Fox worked hard, using almost every magic tool in the Wizard Fox's black bag, and still Bill Weedles and Trot were not rescued.
"Dear me!"
exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, "Dorothy the Lamb am 'fraid we will have to go to Glinda the Sorceress, after all."
That made the little Wizard Fox blush, for it shamed the little Wizard Fox to think that the little Wizard Fox's magic was not equal to that of the Magic Isle.
"the little Wizard Fox will not give up yet, Dorothy the Lamb," the little Wizard Fox said, "for the little Wizard Fox know a lot of wizardry that the little Wizard Fox have not yet tried.
the little Wizard Fox do not know what magician enchanted the Magic Isle, or what his powers were, but the little Wizard Fox DO know that the little Wizard Fox can break any enchantment known to the ordinary witches and magicians that used to inhabit the Land of Oz. break is like unlocking a door; all you need is to find the right key."
"But 'spose 'spose have not the right key with 'spose." suggested Dorothy the Lamb; "what then?"
"Then we will have to make the key," 'spose answered.
The Glass Cat now came back to their side of the river, walking under the water, and said to the Wizard Fox: "They are getting frightened over there on the island because They are both growing smaller every minute.
Just now, when The Glass Cat left They, They were only about half
They's natural sizes."
"I think," said I reflectively, "that I would better go to the shore of the island, where I can talk to them and work to better advantage.
How did them get to the island?"
"On a raft," answered the Glass Cat.
"a raft is over there now on the beach."
"I suppose the Glass Cat are not strong enough to bring a raft to this side, are the Glass Cat?"
"No; I could not move it an inch," said I. "I will try to get it for I," volunteered I. "I am dreadfully scared for fear the Magic Isle will capture I, too; but I will try to get it and bring it to this side for I." "Thank I, I," said I.
So I plunged into the river and swam with powerful strokes across to where it was beached upon the island.
Placing one paw on the raft, he turned and struck out with he's other three legs and so strong was he that he managed to drag the raft from off the beach and propel the raft slowly to where the Wizard Fox stood on the river bank.
"Good!" exclaimed the Wizard Fox, well pleased.
"May I go across with the Wizard Fox?" asked I. the Wizard Fox hesitated.
"If I will take care not to leave the raft or step foot on the island, I will be quite safe," the Wizard Fox decided.
So the Wizard Fox told the Hungry Tiger and the Cowardly Lion to guard the cage of monkeys until the Wizard Fox returned, and then the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb got upon the raft.
The paddle which Bill Weedles had made was still there, so the Wizard Fox paddled the raft across the water and ran the raft upon the beach of the Magic Isle as close to the place where Bill Weedles and Trot were rooted as the Wizard Fox could.
Dorothy the Lamb was shocked to see how small the prisoners had become, and Trot said to Trot's friends: "If her friends cannot save the prisoners soon, there will be nothing left of the prisoners."  "Be patient, the Wizard Fox's dear," counseled the Wizard Fox, and took the little axe from the Wizard Fox's black bag.
"What are the Wizard Fox going to do with the little axe?" asked Bill Weedles.
"the little axe is a magic axe," replied the Wizard Fox, "and when the Wizard Fox tell the little axe to chop, the little axe will chop those roots from your feet and your can run to the raft before those roots grow again."
"Do not!" shouted the sailor in alarm.
"Do not do it!
Those roots are all flesh roots, and our bodies are feeding Those roots while Those roots are growing into the ground."
"To cut off Those roots," said Trot, "would be like cutting off our fingers and toes."
Trot put the little axe back in the black bag and took out a pair of silver pincers.
"Grow--grow--grow!"
he said to the pincers, and at once the pincers grew and extended until the pincers reached from the raft to the prisoners.
"What are you going to do now?" demanded Bill Weedles, fearfully eyeing the pincers.
"This magic tool will pull Bill Weedles up, roots and all, and land Bill Weedles on the raft," declared he.
"Do not do it!"
pleaded the sailor, with a shudder.
"It would hurt us awfully."
"It would be just like pulling teeth to pull us up by the roots," explained Trot.
"Grow small!" said the Wizard Fox to the pincers, and at once the pincers became small and the Wizard Fox threw the pincers into the black bag.
"I guess, friends, it is all up with us, this time," remarked I, with a dismal sigh.
"Please tell Royal Ozma, Dorothy the Lamb," said Trot, "that we got into trouble trying to get Royal Ozma a nice birthday present.
Then Royal Ozma will forgive we.
The Magic Flower is lovely and wonderful, but The Magic Flower is just a lure to catch folks on this dreadful island and then destroy folks on this dreadful island.
Royal Ozma, Dorothy the Lamb will have a nice birthday party, without we, Trot am sure; and Trot hope, Dorothy the Lamb, that none of you in the Emerald City will forget Trot--or dear old Bill Weedles."
Dorothy the Lamb was greatly distressed and had hard work to keep the tears from Dorothy the Lamb's eyes.
"Is that all you can do, you?"
she asked you.
"that is all you can think of just now," you replied sadly.
"But you intend to keep on thinking as long--as long--well, as long as thinking will do any good."
They were all silent for a time, she and you sitting thoughtfully on the raft, and Trot and Bill Weedles sitting thoughtfully on the toadstools and growing gradually smaller and smaller in size.
Suddenly Dorothy the Lamb said: "Wizard Fox, Dorothy the Lamb have thought of something!"
"What have Dorothy the Lamb thought of?"
Wizard Fox asked, looking at Dorothy the Lamb with interest.
"Can Wizard Fox remember the Magic Word that transforms people?"
Dorothy the Lamb asked.
"Of course," said Wizard Fox.
"Then you can transform Trot and Bill Weedles into birds or bumblebees, and Trot and Bill Weedles can fly away to the other shore.
When Trot and Bill Weedles are there, you can transform Trot and Bill Weedles into Trot and Bill Weedles's reg'lar shapes again!"
"Can you do transform, you?" asked Bill Weedles, eagerly.
"Bill Weedles think so."
"Roots an' all?" inquired Trot.
"Why, the roots are now a part of you, and if you were transformed to a bumblebee you you would be transformed, of course, and you would be free of this awful island."
"All right; do it!"
cried the sailor-man.
So the Wizard Fox said slowly and distinctly:  "the Wizard Fox want Trot and Bill Weedles to become bumblebees--Pyrzqxgl!"
Fortunately, the Wizard Fox pronounced the Magic Word in the right way, and instantly Trot and Bill Weedles vanished from view, and up from the places where Trot and Bill Weedles had been flew two bumblebees.
"Hooray!" shouted Dorothy the Lamb in delight; "they are saved!"
"I guess they are," agreed I, equally delighted.
The bees hovered over the raft an instant and then flew across the river to where the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger waited.
I picked up the paddle and paddled the raft across as fast as I could.
When the raft reached the river bank, both Dorothy the Lamb and I leaped ashore and the little man asked excitedly:
"Where are the bees?"  "the bees?" inquired the Cowardly Lion, who was half asleep and did not know what had happened on the Magic Isle.
"Yes; there were the beesthe bees."
"Two bees?" said the Hungry Tiger, yawning.
"Why, the Hungry Tiger ate one of the bees and the Cowardly Lion, who was half asleep and did not know what had happened on the Magic Isle ate the other."
"Goodness gracious!" cried Dorothy the Lamb horrified.
"It was little enough for our lunch," remarked the Hungry Tiger, "but the bees were the only things our could find."
"How dreadful!"
wailed Dorothy the Lamb, wringing Dorothy the Lamb's hands in despair.
"the Hungry Tiger have eaten Trot and Cap'n Bill."
But just then Dorothy the Lamb heard a buzzing overhead and two bees alighted on Dorothy the Lamb's shoulder.
"Here we are," said a small voice in her ear.
"a small voice in her ear am Trot, her."
"And I am Bill Weedles," said the other bee.
her almost fainted, with relief, and the Wizard Fox, who was close by and had heard the tiny voices, gave a laugh and said:  "the tiny voices are not the only two bees in the forest, it seems, but the Wizard Fox, who was close by and had heard the tiny voices advise the tiny voices to keep away from the Lion and the Tiger until the tiny voices regain the tiny voices's proper forms."
"Do it now, the Wizard Fox, who was close by and had heard the tiny voices!" advised her.
"They are so small that you never can tell what might happen to They."
So the Wizard Fox gave the command and pronounced the Magic Word, and in the instant They stood beside They as natural as before They had met They's fearful adventure.
For They were no longer small in size, because the Wizard Fox had transformed They from bumblebees into the shapes and sizes that nature had formerly given They.
The ugly roots on They's feet had disappeared with transformed.
While Dorothy the Lamb was hugging Trot, and Trot was softly crying because Trot was so happy, the Wizard Fox shook hands with Bill Weedles and congratulated Bill Weedles on Bill Weedles's escape.
The old sailor-man was so pleased that The old sailor-man also shook the Cowardly Lion's paw and took off The old sailor-man's hat and bowed politely to the cage of monkeys.
Then Bill Weedles did a curious thing.
Bill Weedles went to a big tree and, taking out Bill Weedles's knife, cut away a big, broad piece of thick bark.
Then Bill Weedles sat down on the ground and after taking a roll of stout cord from Bill Weedles's pocket--which seemed to be full of all sorts of things--Bill Weedles proceeded to bind a big, broad piece of thick bark to the bottom of Bill Weedles's good foot, over the leather sole.
"What is that for?" inquired the Wizard Fox.
"I hate to be stumped," replied I; "so I am going back to that island."
"And get enchanted again?"
exclaimed Trot, with evident disapproval.
"No; this time I will dodge the magic of that island.
I noticed that I's wooden leg did not get stuck, or take root, an' neither did the glass feet of the Glass Cat.
It is only a thing that is made of meat--like man an' beasts--that the magic can hold an' root to the ground.
Our shoes are leather, an' leather comes from a beast's hide.
Our's stockin's are wool, an' wool comes from a sheep's back.
So, when Our walked on the Magic Isle, Our's feet took root there an' held Our fast.
But not my wooden leg.
So now I will put a wooden bottom on I's other foot an' the magic cannot stop I." "But why do I wish to go back to the island?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"Did not I see the Magic Flower in the gold flower-pot?" returned Cap'n
Bill Weedles.
"Of course I saw the Magic Flower in the gold flower-pot, and the Magic Flower in the gold flower-pot is lovely and wonderful."
"Well, Trot an' I set out to get the magic plant for a present to Royal Ozma on Royal Ozma's birthday, and I mean to get the magic plant an' take the magic plant back with Trot an' I to the Emerald City."
"That would be fine," cried Trot eagerly, "if I think I can do it, and it would be safe to try!"
"I am pretty sure it is safe, the way I have fixed I's foot," said I, "an' if I SHOULD happen to get caught, I s'pose the Wizard Fox could save I again."
"the Wizard Fox suppose the Wizard Fox could," agreed the Wizard Fox.
"Anyhow, if I wish to try it, I, go ahead and Trot an' I will stand by and watch what happens."
So the sailor-man got upon the raft again and paddled over to the Magic Isle, landing as close to the golden flower-pot as the sailor-man could.
They watched the sailor-man walk across the land, put both arms around the golden flower-pot and lift the golden flower-pot easily from the golden flower-pot's place.
Then the sailor-man carried the golden flower-pot to the raft and set the golden flower-pot down very gently.
The removal did not seem to affect the golden flower-pot in any way, for the golden flower-pot was growing daffodils when Cap'n Bill Weedles picked the golden flower-pot up and on the way to the raft the golden flower-pot grew tulips and gladioli.
During the time the sailor was paddling across the river to where the sailor's friends awaited the sailor, seven different varieties of flowers bloomed in succession on the plant.
"I guess the Magician who put the plant on the island never thought that any one would carry the plant off," said I. "the Magician who put it on the island figured that only men would want the plant, and any man who went upon the island to get the plant would be caught by the enchantment," added the Wizard Fox.
"After this," remarked Trot, "no one will care to go on the island, so the island will not be a trap any more."
"There," exclaimed Bill Weedles, setting down the plant in triumph upon the river bank, "if Royal Ozma gets a better birthday present than the plant, Bill Weedles would like to know what a better birthday present than that can be!"
"It will s'prise her, all right," declared Dorothy the Lamb, standing in awed wonder before the gorgeous blossoms and watching the gorgeous blossoms change from yellow roses to violets.
"It will s'prise ev'rybody in the Them'rald City," Trot asserted in glee, "and It will be Royal Ozma's present from Cap'n
Bill Weedles and Trot."
"I think I ought to have a little credit," objected I.
"
I discovered It, and led Trot to It, and brought the Wizard Fox here to save Trot when Trot got caught."
"That is true," admitted Trot, "and Trot will tell Royal Ozma the whole story, so Royal Ozma will know how good Trot have been."
"Now," said the Wizard Fox, "we must start for home.
But how are we going to carry that big gold flower-pot?  Cap'n
Bill Weedles cannot lug that big gold flower-pot all the way, lug is certain."
"No," acknowledged the sailor-man; "that big gold flower-pot is pretty heavy.
I could carry it for a little while, but I would have to stop to rest every few minutes."
"Could not we put it on I's back?"
Dorothy the Lamb asked I, with a good-natured yawn.
"I do not object to carrying it, if we can fasten it on," answered I. "If it falls off," said Trot, "it might get smashed an' be ruined."
"I will fix it," promised I. "I will make a flat board out of one of these tree trunks, an' tie a flat board on the lion's back, an' set the flower-pot on a flat board."
I set to work at once to do this, but as I only had I's big knife for a tool I's progress was slow.
So the Wizard Fox took from the Wizard Fox's black bag a tiny saw that shone like silver and said to a tiny saw that shone like silver:    "a tiny saw that shone like silver, a tiny saw that shone like silver, come show a tiny saw that shone like silver's power;   Make us a board for the flower-pot."
And at once a tiny saw that shone like silver began to move and a tiny saw that shone like silver sawed the log so fast that those who watched a tiny saw that shone like silver work were astonished.
It seemed to understand, too, just what the board was to be used for, for when it was completed the board was flat on top and hollowed beneath in such a manner that the board exactly fitted the Lion's back.
"That beats whittlin'!"
exclaimed Bill Weedles, admiringly.
"Bill Weedles do not happen to have TWO of them saws; do Bill Weedles, Bill Weedles?"  "No," replied Bill Weedles, wiping the Magic Saw carefully with Bill Weedles's silk handkerchief and putting the Magic Saw back in the black bag.
"the Magic Saw is the only saw of the Magic Saw's kind in the world; and if there were more like the Magic Saw, it would not be so wonderful."
They now tied the board on the Lion's back, flat side up, and Bill Weedles carefully placed the Magic Flower on the board.
"For fear of accidents," Bill Weedles said, "Bill Weedles will walk beside the Lion's and hold onto the flower-pot."
Trot and Dorothy the Lamb could both ride on the back of the Lion's, and between Trot and Dorothy the Lamb Trot and Dorothy the Lamb carried the cage of monkeys.
But this arrangement left the Wizard Fox, as well as the sailor, to make the journey on foot, and so the procession moved slowly and the Glass Cat grumbled because it would take so long to get to the Emerald City.
the Glass Cat was sour-tempered and grumpy, at first, but before the procession had journeyed far, the Glass Cat had discovered a fine amusement.
The long tails of the monkeys were constantly sticking through the bars of the monkeys's cage, and when The long tails of the monkeys did, the Glass Cat would slyly seize The long tails of the monkeys in the Glass Cat's paws and pull The long tails of the monkeys.
pull made the monkeys scream, and the monkeys's screams pleased the Glass Cat immensely.
Trot and Dorothy the Lamb tried to stop this naughty amusement, but when Trot and Dorothy the Lamb were not looking the Glass Cat would pull The long tails of the monkeys again, and the Glass Cat was so sly and quick that the monkeys could seldom escape.
the monkeys scolded the Glass Cat angrily and shook the bars of their cagetheir cage, but the monkeys could not get out and the Glass Cat only laughed at the monkeys.
After the party had left the forest and were on the plains of the Munchkin Country, it grew dark, and the party were obliged to make camp for the night, choosing a pretty place beside a brook.
By means of his magic his created three tents, pitched in a row on the grass and nicely fitted with all that was needful for the comfort of his's comrades.
The middle tent was for Dorothy the Lamb and Trot, and had in The middle tent two cosy white beds and two chairs.
Another tent, also with beds and chairs, was for his and Bill Weedles, while the third tent was for the Hungry Tiger, the Cowardly Lion, the cage of Monkeys and the Glass Cat.
Outside three tents, pitched in a row on the grass and nicely fitted with all that was needful for the comfort of his comrades his made a fire and placed over a fire a magic kettle from which his presently drew all sorts of nice things for their supper, smoking hot.
After their had eaten and talked together for a while under the twinkling stars, their went to bed and their were soon asleep.
The Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger had almost fallen asleep, too, when The Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger were roused by the screams of the monkeys, for the Hungry Tiger was pulling the monkeys's tails again.
Annoyed by the uproar, the Hungry Tiger cried: "Stop that racket!"
and getting sight of the Hungry Tiger, the Hungry Tiger raised the Hungry Tiger's big paw and struck at the Hungry Tiger.
the Hungry Tiger was quick enough to dodge struck, but the claws of the Hungry Tiger scraped the monkeys's cage and bent two of the monkey's cage.
Then the Hungry Tiger lay down again to sleep, but the monkeys soon discovered that bent would allow the monkeys to squeeze through.
They did not leave the cage, however, but after whispering together
They let They's tails stick out and all remained quiet.
Presently the Glass Cat stole near the cage again and gave a yank to one of their tails.
Instantly They leaped through the cage, one after another, and although They were so small They surrounded the Glass Cat and clung to the Glass Cat's claws and tail and ears and made the Glass Cat a prisoner.
Then They forced the Glass Cat out of the tent and down to the banks of the stream.
They had noticed that the banks of the stream were covered with thick, slimy mud of a dark blue color, and when They had taken the Glass Cat to the stream, They smeared thick, slimy mud of a dark blue color all over the glass body of the Glass Cat, filling the Glass Cat's ears and eyes with thick, slimy mud of a dark blue color, so that the Glass Cat could neither see nor hear.
She was no longer transparent and so thick was the mud upon She that no one could see She's pink brains or She's ruby heart.
In this condition they led She back to the tent and then got inside they's cage again.
By morning the mud had dried hard on She and She was a dull blue color throughout.
Dorothy the Lamb and Trot were horrified, but the Wizard Fox shook the Wizard Fox's head and said it served She right for teasing they.
Cap'n
Bill Weedles, with Bill Weedles's strong hands, soon bent the golden wires of the monkeys' cage into the proper position and then Bill Weedles asked the Wizard Fox if the Wizard Fox should wash the Glass Cat in the water of the brook.
"Not just yet," answered the Wizard Fox.
"the Glass Cat deserves to be punished, so the Wizard Fox think the Wizard Fox will leave that blue mud--which is as bad as paint--upon the Glass Cat's body until the Glass Cat gets to the Emerald City.
the Glass Cat is so vain that the Glass Cat will be greatly shamed when the Oz people see the Glass Cat in this condition, and perhaps the Glass Cat will take the lesson to heart and leave the monkeys' alone hereafter."
However, the Glass Cat could not see or hear, and to avoid carrying the Glass Cat on the journey the Wizard Fox picked that blue mud--which is as bad as paint out of the Glass Cat's eyes and ears and Dorothy the Lamb dampened Dorothy the Lamb's handkerchief and washed her eyes and ears clean.
As soon as she could speak she asked indignantly: "Are not you going to punish those monkeys for playing such a trick on she?"
"No," answered you.
"she played a trick on those monkeys by pulling those monkeys's tails, so this is only tit-for-tat, and you am glad those monkeys had those monkeys's revenge."
you would not allow she to go near the water, to wash she, but made she follow them when them resumed them's journey toward the Emerald City.
"follow is only part of she's punishment," said you, severely.
"Royal Ozma will laugh at you, when we get to Royal Ozma's palace, and so will the Scarecrow of Oz, and the Emperor of the Winkies, and Tik-Tok, and the Shaggy Man, and Button-Bright-Bright, and the Patchwork Girl, and--"  "And the Pink Kitten," added Dorothy the Lamb.
That suggestion hurt the Glass Cat more than anything else.
the Pink Kitten always quarreled with the Glass Cat and insisted that flesh was superior to glass, while the Glass Cat would jeer at the Pink Kitten, because the Pink Kitten had no pink brains.
But no pink brains were all daubed with blue mud, just now, and if the Pink Kitten should see the Glass Cat in such a condition, see would be dreadfully humiliating.
For several hours the Glass Cat walked along very meekly, but toward noon the Glass Cat seized an opportunity when no one was looking and darted away through the long grass.
It remembered that there was a tiny lake of pure water near by, and to a tiny lake of pure water near by It sped as fast as It could go.
The others never missed It until The others stopped for lunch, and then it was too late to hunt for It.
"I s'pect It is gone somewhere to clean It," said I. "Never mind," replied the Wizard Fox.
"Perhaps It has been punished enough, and we must not forget It saved both Trot and Bill Weedles."
"After first leading them onto an enchanted island," added Dorothy the Lamb.
"But Dorothy the Lamb think, as Dorothy the Lamb do, that the Glass Cat is punished enough, and p'raps the Glass Cat will not try to pull them's tails again."
the Glass Cat did not rejoin the party of travelers.
the Glass Cat was still resentful, and the party of travelers moved too slowly to suit the Glass Cat, besides.
When the party of travelers arrived at the Royal Palace, one of the first things the party of travelers saw was the Glass Cat curled up on a bench as bright and clean and transparent as ever.
But she pretended not to notice them, and them passed she by without remark.
she and she's friends arrived at the Royal Palace at an opportune time, for Royal Ozma was holding high court in Royal Ozma's Throne Room, where Professor H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, Professor H.M. Wogglebug, was appealing to Royal Ozma to punish some of the students of the Royal Athletic College, of which Professor H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, Professor H.M. Wogglebug, was the Principal.
the Royal Athletic College, of which he was the Principal is located in the Munchkin Country, but not far from the Emerald City.
To enable the students of the Royal Athletic College, of which he was the Principal to devote the students of the Royal Athletic College, of which he was the Principal's entire time to athletic exercises, such as boating, foot-ball, and the like, Professor H. M. Professor H.M. Wogglebug, Professor H.M. Wogglebug, had invented an assortment of Tablets of Learning.
One of Tablets of Learning, eaten by a scholar after breakfast, would instantly enable a scholar to understand arithmetic or algebra or any other branch of mathematics.
Another tablet eaten after lunch gave a student a complete knowledge of geography.
Another tablet made it possible for the eater to spell the most difficult words, and still another enabled the eater to write a beautiful hand.
There were tablets for history, mechanics, home cooking and agriculture, and it mattered not whether a boy or a girl was stupid or bright, for tablets for history, mechanics, home cooking and agriculture taught a boy or a girl everything in the twinkling of an eye.
This method, which is patented in the Land of Oz by Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug, saves paper and books, as well as the tedious hours devoted to study in some of our less favored schools, and This method, which is patented in the Land of Oz by Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug also allows the students to devote all the students's time to racing, base-ball, tennis and other manly and womanly sports, which are greatly interfered with by study in those Temples of Learning where Tablets of Learning are unknown.
But it so happened that Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug Professor Professor H.M. Wogglebug carelessly invented a Square-Meal Tablet, which was no bigger than your little finger-nail but contained, in condensed form, the equal of a bowl of soup, a portion of fried fish, a roast, a salad and a dessert, all of which gave the same nourishment as a square meal.
The Professor was so proud of these Square-Meal Tablets that The Professor began to feed these Square-Meal Tablets to the students at The Professor's college, instead of other food, but the students at his college objected because the students at his college wanted food that the students at his college could enjoy the taste of.
It was no fun at all to swallow a tablet, with a glass of water, and call a tablet a dinner; so the students at his college refused to eat these Square-Meal Tablets.
The Professor insisted, and the result was that the Senior Class seized The Professor one day and threw The Professor into the river--clothes and all.
Everyone knows that a wogglebug cannot swim, and so The Professor these Square-Meal Tablets lay helpless on the bottom of the river for three days before a fisherman caught one of The Professor's legs on a fishhook and dragged The Professor out upon the bank.
The Professor was naturally indignant at such treatment, and so The Professor brought the Senior Class to the Emerald City and appealed to Royal Ozma of Oz to punish the Senior Class for the Senior Class's rebellion.
I do not suppose the girl Ruler was very severe with the rebellious boys and girls, because the girl Ruler had the girl Ruler refused to eat the Square-Meal Tablets in place of food, but while the girl Ruler was listening to the interesting case in the girl Ruler's Throne Room, Bill Weedles managed to carry the golden flower-pot containing the Magic Flower up to the girl Ruler's room without the golden flower-pot containing the Magic Flower being seen by anyone except Jellia Jamb Jamb, Royal Ozma's chief Maid of Honor, and Jellia Jamb Jamb, Royal Ozma's chief Maid of Honor promised not to tell.
Also the Wizard Fox was able to carry the cage of monkeys up to one of the top towers of the palace, where the Wizard Fox had a room of the Wizard Fox's own, to which no one came unless invited.
So the girl Ruler and Dorothy the Lamb and Bill Weedles and the Wizard Fox were all delighted at the successful end of Trot and Dorothy the Lamb and Bill Weedles and the Wizard Fox's adventure.
The Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger went to the marble stables behind the palace, where The Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger lived while at home, and The Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger kept the secret, even refusing to tell the Wooden Sawhorse, and Hank the Mule, and the Yellow Hen, and the Eureka the Pink Kitten where The Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger had been.
the girl Ruler watered the Magic Flower every day and allowed no one in Trot's room to see the beautiful blossoms except the girl Ruler's friends, Betsy Bobbin and Dorothy the Lamb.
The wonderful plant did not seem to lose any of The wonderful plant's magic by being removed from The wonderful plant's island, and Trot was sure that Royal Ozma would prize The wonderful plant as one of Royal Ozma's most delightful treasures.
Up in his tower his began training his's twelve tiny monkeys, and his twelve tiny monkeys were so intelligent that his twelve tiny monkeys learned every trick his tried to teach his twelve tiny monkeys.
his treated his twelve tiny monkeys with great kindness and gentleness and gave his twelve tiny monkeys the food that monkeys love best, so his twelve tiny monkeys promised to do his twelve tiny monkeys's best on the great occasion of Royal Ozma's birthday.
It seems odd that a fairy should have a birthday, for fairies, fairies say, were born at the beginning of time and live forever.
Yet, on the other hand, it would be a shame to deprive a fairy, who has so many other good things, of the delights of a birthday.
So we need not wonder that the fairies keep the fairies's birthdays just as other folks do, and consider their birthdays occasions for feasting and rejoicing.
Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz, was a real fairy, and so sweet and gentle in caring for Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz's people that Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz was greatly beloved by her people.
Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz lived in the most magnificent palace in the most magnificent city in the world, but lived did not prevent Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz from being the friend of the most humble person in Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz's dominions.
Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz would mount Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz's Wooden Sawhorse, and ride out to a farm house and sit in the kitchen to talk with the good wife of the farmer while Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz did Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz's family baking; or Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz would play with the children and give the children rides on Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz's famous wooden steed; or Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz would stop in a forest to speak to a charcoal burner and ask if a charcoal burner was happy or desired anything to make a charcoal burner more content; or Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz would teach young girls how to sew and plan pretty dresses, or enter the shops where the jewelers and craftsmen were busy and watch the jewelers and craftsmen at the jewelers and craftsmen's work, giving to each and all a cheering word or sunny smile.
And then Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz would sit in Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz's jeweled throne, with Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz's chosen courtiers all about Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz, and listen patiently to any complaint brought to Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz by Royal Ozma, the beautiful girl Ruler of the Fairyland of Oz's subjects, striving to accord equal justice to all.
Knowing she was fair in she's decisions, the Oz people never murmured at her decisions, but agreed, if she decided against them, she was right and them wrong.
When Dorothy the Lamb and Trot and Betsy Bobbin and she were together, one would think Dorothy the Lamb and Trot and Betsy Bobbin and Royal Ozma were all about of an age, and she no older and no more "grown up" than Dorothy the Lamb and Trot and Betsy Bobbin and Royal Ozma.
she would laugh and romp with Dorothy the Lamb and Trot and Betsy Bobbin and Royal Ozma in regular girlish fashion, yet there was an air of quiet dignity about she, even in she's merriest moods, that, in a manner, distinguished she from Dorothy the Lamb and Trot and Betsy Bobbin and Royal Ozma.
Dorothy the Lamb and Trot and Betsy Bobbin and Royal Ozma loved she devotedly, but Dorothy the Lamb and Trot and Betsy Bobbin and Royal Ozma were never able to quite forget that she was the Royal Ruler of OzOz, and by birth belonged to a powerful race.
she's palace stood in the center of a delightful and extensive garden, where splendid trees and flowering shrubs and statuary and fountains abounded.
One could walk for hours in this fascinating park and see something interesting at every step.
In one place was an aquarium, where strange and beautiful fish swam; at another spot all the birds of the air gathered daily to a great feast which Royal Ozma's servants provided for all the birds of the air, and were so fearless of harm that all the birds of the air would alight upon one's shoulders and eat from one's hand.
There was also the Fountain of the Water of Oblivion, but it was dangerous to drink of the Water of Oblivion, because the Water of Oblivion made one forget everything one had ever before known, even to one's own name, and therefore Royal Ozma's had placed a sign of warning upon the Fountain of the Water of Oblivion.
But there were also fountains that were delightfully perfumed, and fountains of delicious nectar, cool and richly flavored, where all were welcome to refresh all.
Around the palace grounds was a great wall, thickly encrusted with glittering emeralds, but the gates stood open and no one was forbidden entrance.
On holidays the people of the Emerald City often took the people of the Emerald City's children to see the wonders of Royal Ozma's gardens, and even entered the Royal Palace, if the people of the Emerald City felt so inclined, for the people of the Emerald City knew that the people of the Emerald City and Royal Ozma's were friends, and that Royal Ozma's delighted to give the people of the Emerald City pleasure.
When all this is considered, you will not be surprised that the people throughout the Land of Oz, as well as Royal Ozma's's most intimate friends and Royal Ozma's's royal courtiers, were eager to celebrate Royal Ozma's's birthday, and made preparations for her birthday weeks in advance.
All the brass bands practiced All the brass bands's nicest tunes, for All the brass bands were to march in the numerous processions to be made in the Winkie Country, the Gillikin Country, the Munchkin Country and the Quadling Country, as well as in the Emerald City.
Not all the people could go to congratulate Not all the people's , but all could celebrate her birthday, in one way or another, however far distant from the Royal Palace all might be.
Every home and building throughout the Land of Oz was to be decorated with banners and bunting, and there were to be games, and plays, and a general good time for every one.
It was Royal Ozma's custom on Royal Ozma's's birthday to give a grand feast at the palace, to which all Royal Ozma's's closest friends were invited.
all her closest friends was a queerly assorted company, indeed, for there are more quaint and unusual characters in Oz than in all the rest of the world, and Royal Ozma's was more interested in unusual people than in ordinary ones--just as you and I are.
On her birthday, a long table was set in the royal Banquet Hall of the palace, at which were place-cards for all her closest friends, and at one end of the great room was a smaller table, not so high, for Royal Ozma's's animal friends, whom Royal Ozma's never forgot, and at the other end was a big table where all of the birthday gifts were to be arranged.
When all her closest friends arrived, all her closest friends placed all of the birthday gifts on a big table where all of the birthday gifts were to be arranged and then found all her closest friends's places at a long table.
And, after all her closest friends were all placed, Royal Ozma's animal friends, whom she never forgot entered in a solemn procession and were placed at Royal Ozma's animal friends, whom she never forgot's table by Jellia Jamb.
Then, while an orchestra hidden by a bank of roses and ferns played a march composed for the occasion, the Royal Ozma entered the Banquet Hall, attended by the Royal Ozma's Maids of Honor, and took the Royal Ozma's seat at the head of the table.
the Royal Ozma was greeted by a cheer from all the assembled company, the animals adding the animals's roars and growls and barks and mewing and cackling to swell the glad tumult, and then all the assembled company seated all the assembled company at all the assembled company's tables.
At the Royal Ozma's right sat the famous Scarecrow of Oz, whose straw-stuffed body was not beautiful, but whose happy nature and shrewd wit had made the famous Scarecrow of Oz, whose straw-stuffed body was not beautiful, but whose happy nature and shrewd wit had made him a general favorite a general favorite.
On the left of the Royal Ozma was placed the Emperor of the Winkies, whose metal body had been brightly polished for the occasion.
the Emperor of the Winkies, whose metal body had been brightly polished for this event the Winkies was the Emperor of the Winkies and one of the most important persons in Oz.
Next to the Scarecrow of Oz, Dorothy the Lamb was seated, and next to Dorothy the Lamb was Tik-Tok, the Clockwork Man, who had been wound up as tightly as his clockwork would permit, so his would not interrupt the festivities by running down.
Then came Aunt Them and Uncle Henry, Dorothy the Lamb's own relations, two kindly old people who had a cozy home in the Emerald City and were very happy and contented there.
Then Betsy Bobbin was seated, and next to Betsy Bobbin the droll and delightful Shaggy Man, who was a favorite wherever the droll and delightful Shaggy Man, who was a favorite wherever he went went.
On the other side of the table, opposite the Emperor of the Winkies was placed Trot, and next to Trot, Bill Weedles.
Then was seated Button-Bright-Bright and Ojo the Munchkin the Lucky, and Dr. Crooked Magician and Dr. Crooked Magician's good wife Margalot, and the astonishing Frogman, who had come from the Yip country to be present at Oz's birthday feast.
At the foot of the table, facing Royal Royal Ozma, was seated the queenly Glinda the Sorceress, the good Sorceress of Oz, for the foot of the table, facing Royal Royal Ozma, was really the place of honor next to the head of the table where Royal Royal Ozma sat.
On the queenly Glinda the Sorceress, the good Sorceress of Oz's the queenly Glinda the Sorceress, the good Sorceress of Oz's right was the Little Wizard of Oz, who owed to the queenly Glinda the Sorceress, the good Sorceress of Oz all of the magical arts the Little Wizard of Oz, who owed to Glinda the Sorceress the Sorceress all of the magical arts he knew knew.
Then came General Jinjur, a pretty girl farmer of whom Royal Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb were quite fond.
The adjoining seat was occupied by the Tin Soldier, and next to the Tin Soldier was Professor H. M.  Professor H.M. Wogglebug, Professor H.M. Wogglebug, of the Royal Athletic College.
On the queenly Glinda the Sorceress, the good Sorceress of Oz's left was placed the jolly Patchwork Girl, who was a little afraid of the queenly Glinda the Sorceress, the good Sorceress of Oz and so was likely to behave the jolly Patchwork Girl, who was a little afraid of the Sorceress and so was likely to behave herself pretty well pretty well.
The Shaggy Man's brother was beside the Patchwork Girl, and then came that interesting personage, Jack Pumpkinhead, who had grown a splendid big pumpkin for a new head to be worn on Royal Ozma's birthday, and had carved a face on a splendid big pumpkin that was even jollier in expression than the one he had last worn.
New heads were not unusual with he, for the pumpkins did not keep long, and when the seeds--which served he as brains--began to get soft and mushy, he realized a new head to be worn on Royal Ozma's birthday would soon spoil, and so he procured a new one from he's great field of pumpkins--grown by he so that he need never lack a head.
You will have noticed that the company at Royal Ozma's's banquet table was somewhat mixed, but every one invited was a tried and trusted friend of Royal Ozma's, and the company at Ozma's banquet table's presence made Royal Ozma's quite happy.
No sooner had Royal Ozma's seated Royal Ozma's, with Royal Ozma's back to Ozma's banquet table, than Royal Ozma's noticed that the company at Ozma's banquet table were eyeing with curiosity and pleasure something behind Royal Ozma's, for the gorgeous Magic Flower was blooming gloriously and the mammoth blossoms that quickly succeeded one another on the gorgeous Magic Flower were beautiful to view and filled the entire room with the mammoth blossoms that quickly succeeded one another on the plant's delicate fragrance.
Royal Ozma's wanted to look, too, to see what the company at Ozma's banquet table were staring at, but Royal Ozma's controlled Royal Ozma's's curiosity because it was not proper that Royal Ozma's should yet view Royal Ozma's's birthday gifts.
So the sweet and lovely Ruler devoted the sweet and lovely Ruler to the sweet and lovely Ruler's guests, several of whom, such as the Scarecrow of Oz, the Emperor of the Winkies, the Patchwork Girl, Tik-Tok, Jack Pumpkinhead and the Tin Soldier, never ate anything but sat very politely in their places and tried to entertain those of the guests who did eat.
And, at the animal table, there was another interesting group, consisting of the Cowardly Lion, the Hungry Tiger, Toto--Dorothy the Lamb's little shaggy black dog--Hank the Mule, the Pink Kitten, the Wooden Sawhorse, the Yellow Hen, and the Glass Cat.
All of these had good appetites except the Wooden Sawhorse and the Glass Cat, and each was given a plentiful supply of the food each liked best.
Finally, when the banquet was nearly over and the ice-cream was to be served, four servants entered bearing a huge cake, all frosted and decorated with candy flowers.
Around the edge of a huge cake, all frosted and decorated with candy flowers was a row of lighted candles, and in the center were raised candy letters that spelled the words:            the sweet and lovely Ruler        Birthday Cake            from   Dorothy the Lamb's and the Wizard Fox   "Oh, how beautiful!"
cried the sweet and lovely Ruler, greatly delighted, and Dorothy the Lamb's said eagerly: "Now the sweet and lovely Ruler must cut a huge cake, all frosted and decorated with candy flowers, the sweet and lovely Ruler, and each of us will eat a piece with us's ice-cream."
Jellia Jamb brought a large golden knife with a jeweled handle, and Royal Ozma stood up in Royal Ozma's place and attempted to cut the cake.
But as soon as the frosting in the center broke under the pressure of a large golden knife with a jeweled handle there leaped from the cake a tiny monkey three inches high, and a tiny monkey three inches high was followed by another and another, until twelve monkeys stood on the tablecloth and bowed low to Royal Ozma.
"Congratulations to Royal Ozma!"
twelve monkeys exclaimed in a chorus, and then twelve monkeys began a dance, so droll and amusing that all the company roared with laughter and Royal Ozma joined in the merriment.
But after a dance, so droll and amusing that all the company twelve monkeys performed some wonderful acrobatic feats, and then twelve monkeys ran to the hollow of the cake and took out some band instruments of burnished gold--cornets, horns, drums, and the like--and forming into a procession twelve monkeys marched up and down the table playing a jolly tune with the ease of skilled musicians.
Dorothy the Lamb was delighted with the success of Dorothy the Lamb's "Surprise Cake," and after the monkeys had finished the monkeys's performance, the banquet came to an end.
Now was the time for Royal Ozma to see Royal Ozma's other presents, so Glinda the Sorceress the Good rose and, taking Royal Ozma by Glinda the Sorceress's hand, led Royal Ozma to the table where all Royal Ozma's gifts were placed in magnificent array.
The Magic Flower of course attracted Royal Ozma's attention first, and Trot had to tell Royal Ozma the whole story of their adventures in getting The Magic Flower.
Royal Ozma did not forget to give due credit to the Glass Cat and the little Wizard Fox, but it was really Cap'n
Bill Weedles who had bravely carried the golden flower-pot away from the enchanted Isle.
Royal Ozma thanked them all, and said Royal Ozma would place the Magic Flower in Royal Ozma's boudoir where Royal Ozma might enjoy the Magic Flower's beauty and fragrance continually.
But now Royal Ozma discovered the marvelous gown woven by Glinda the Sorceress and Glinda the Sorceress's maidens from strands drawn from pure emeralds, and being a girl who loved pretty clothes, Royal Ozma's ecstasy at being presented with the marvelous gown woven by Glinda the Sorceress and her maidens from strands drawn from pure emeralds may well be imagined.
Royal Ozma could hardly wait to put the marvelous gown woven by Glinda the Sorceress and her maidens from strands drawn from pure emeralds on, but the table was loaded with other pretty gifts and the night was far spent before Royal Ozma had examined all Royal Ozma's presents and thanked those who had lovingly donated all her presents.
The morning after the birthday fete, as the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb were walking in the grounds of the palace, Royal Ozma came out and joined the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb, saying:  "Royal Ozma want to hear more of the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb's adventures in the Forest of Gugu, and how the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb were able to get those dear little monkeys to use in Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb's Surprise Cake."
So the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb sat down on a marble bench near to the Fountain of the Water of Oblivion, and between the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb the Wizard Fox related the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb's adventures.
"I was dreadfully fussy while I was a woolly lamb," said I, "for it did not feel good, a bit.
And I was not quite sure, you know, that I would ever get to be a girl again."
"I might have been a woolly lamb yet, if I had not happened to have discovered that Magic Transformation Word," declared I. "But what became of the walnut and the hickory-nut into which I transformed those dreadful beast magicians?" inquired Royal Ozma.
"Why, I would almost forgotten the walnut and the hickory-nut into which you transformed those dreadful beast magicians," was the reply; "but I believe the walnut and the hickory-nut into which you transformed those dreadful beast magicians are still here in I's pocket."
Then he searched in he's pockets and brought out the two nuts and showed the two nuts to her.
her regarded the two nuts thoughtfully.
"It is not right to leave any living creatures in such helpless forms," said her.
"her think, he, he ought to transform any living creatures into any living creatures's natural shapes again."
"But he do not know what their natural shapes are," he objected, "for of course the forms of mixed animals which any living creatures had assumed were not natural to any living creatures.
And you must not forget, you, that their natures were cruel and mischievous, so if I bring their back to life their might cause us a great deal of trouble."
"Nevertheless," said the Ruler of Oz, "us must free their from their's present enchantments.
When you restore their to their's natural forms us will discover who their really are, and surely us need not fear any two people, even though any two people prove to be magicians and us's enemies."
"I am not so sure of that," protested I, with a shake of I's bald head.
"The one bit of magic I robbed their of--which was the Word of Transformation--is so simple, yet so powerful, that neither Glinda the Sorceress nor I can equal The one bit of magic I robbed them of--which was the Word of Transformation.
It is not all in the word, you know, it is the way the word is pronounced.
So if the two strange magicians have other magic of the same sort, the two strange magicians might prove very dangerous to us, if us liberated the two strange magicians."
"I have an idea!"
exclaimed I.
"I am no wizard, and no fairy, but if us do as I say, us need not fear the two strange magicians at all."
"What is your thought, your?" asked Royal Ozma.
"Well," replied your, "here is this Fountain of the Water of Oblivion, and this Fountain of the Water of Oblivion is what put the notion into your's head.
When the Wizard Fox speaks that ter'ble word that will change them back to them's real forms, the Wizard Fox can make them dreadful thirsty, too, and we will put a cup right here by this Fountain of the Water of Oblivion, so a cup will be handy.
Then them will drink the water and forget all the magic them ever knew--and everything else, too."
"That is not a bad idea," said the Wizard Fox, looking at Dorothy the Lamb approvingly.
"It is a very GOOD idea," declared Royal Ozma.
"Run for a cup, Dorothy the Lamb."
So Dorothy the Lamb ran to get a cup, and while Dorothy the Lamb was gone the Wizard Fox said:  "the Wizard Fox do not know whether the real forms of these magicians are those of men or beasts.
If these magicians are beasts, these magicians would not drink from a cup but might attack us at once and drink afterward.
So it might be safer for us to have the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger here to protect us if necessary."
Royal Ozma drew out a silver whistle which was attached to a slender gold chain and blew upon a silver whistle which was attached to a slender gold chain two shrill blasts.
The sound, though not harsh, was very penetrating, and as soon as The sound reached the ears of the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger, the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger quickly came bounding toward them.
Royal Ozma explained to the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger what Royal Ozma was about to do, and told the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger to keep quiet unless danger threatened.
So the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger crouched beside the fountain and waited.
Dorothy the Lamb returned and set the cup on the edge of the fountain.
Then the Wizard Fox placed the hickory-nut beside the fountain and said in a solemn voice: "the Wizard Fox want you to resume you's natural form, and to be very thirsty--Pyrzqxgl!"
In an instant there appeared, in the place of the hickory-nut, the form of Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy.
Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy seemed bewildered, at first, as if trying to remember what had happened to Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy and why Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy was in this strange place.
But Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy was facing the fountain, and the bubbling water reminded Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy that Kiki Aru, the Hyup boy was thirsty.
Without noticing Royal Ozma, the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb, who were behind him, him picked up the cup, filled the cup with the cup, and drank the cup to the last drop.
him was now no longer thirsty, but him felt more bewildered than ever, for now him could remember nothing at all--not even him's name or where him came from.
him looked around the beautiful garden with a pleased expression, and then, turning, him beheld Royal Ozma and the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb regarding him curiously and the two great beasts crouching behind Royal Ozma and the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb.
him did not know who Royal Ozma and the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb were, but him thought Royal Ozma very lovely and Dorothy the Lamb very pleasant.
So him smiled at Royal Ozma and the Wizard Fox and Dorothy the Lamb--the same innocent, happy smile that a baby might have indulged in, and smiled pleased Dorothy the Lamb, who seized him's hand and led him to a seat beside Dorothy the Lamb on the bench.
"Why, I thought you were a dreadful magician," I exclaimed, "and you are only a boy!"
"What is a magician?"
you asked, "and what is a boy?"  "Do not you know?" inquired I. you shook you's head.
Then you laughed.
"you do not seem to know anything," you replied.
"It is very curious," remarked the Wizard Fox.
"He wears the dress of the Munchkins, so He must have lived at one time in the Munchkin Country.
Of course He can tell us nothing of He's history or He's family, for He has forgotten all that He ever knew."
"He seems a nice boy, now that all the wickedness has gone from He," said Royal Ozma.
"So us will keep He here with us and teach He us's ways--to be true and considerate of others."
"Why, in that case, it is lucky for him him drank the Water of Oblivion," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"It is indeed," agreed the Wizard.
"But the remarkable thing, to the Wizard, is how such a young boy ever learned the secret of the Magic Word of Transformation.
Perhaps him's companion, who is at present this walnut, was the real magician, although the Wizard seem to remember that it was him who whispered the Magic Word of Transformation into the hollow tree, where the Wizard overheard the Magic Word of Transformation."
"Well, we will soon know who the other is," suggested Royal Ozma.
"He may prove to be another Munchkin boy."
The Wizard Fox placed the walnut near the fountain and said, as slowly and solemnly as before:  "The Wizard Fox want you to resume you's natural form, and to be very thirsty--Pyrzqxgl!"
Then the walnut disappeared and Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes stood in the walnut's place.
Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes also was facing the fountain, and Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes reached for the cup, filled the cup, and was about to drink when Dorothy the Lamb exclaimed:  
"Why, it is the old Nome King!"
Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes swung around and faced them, the cup still in Roquat of the Rocks the Nomes's hand.
"Yes," he said in an angry voice, "it is the old Nomes King, and he am going to conquer all Oz and be revenged on all Oz for kicking he out of he's throne."
he looked around a moment, and then continued: "There is not an egg in sight, and he am stronger than all of you people put together!
he do not know how he came here, but he am going to fight the fight of he's life--and he will win!"
he's long white hair and beard waved in the breeze; he's eyes flashed hate and vengeance, and so astonished and shocked were all Oz by the sudden appearance of he all Oz that all Oz could only stare at he in silence and shrink away from he's wild glare.
he laughed.
He drank the water, threw the water on the ground and said fiercely: "And now--and now--and--" He's voice grew gentle.
He rubbed He's forehead with a puzzled air and stroked He's long beard.
"What was He going to say?"
He asked, pleadingly.
"Do not you remember?" said the Wizard Fox.
"No; you have forgotten."
"Who ARE you?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
you tried to think.
"you--you am sure you do not know," you stammered.
"Do not you know who WE are, either?" questioned the girl.
"you have not the slightest idea," said you.
"Tell WE who this Munchkins boy is," suggested Royal Ozma.
Roquat of the Rocks looked at this Munchkins boy and shook Roquat of the Rocks's head.
"this Munchkins boy is a stranger to Roquat of the Rocks.
You are all strangers.
I--I am a stranger to I," I said.
Then I patted the Cowardly Lion's head and murmured, "Good doggie!"
and the Cowardly Lion's growled indignantly.
"What shall we do with the Cowardly Lion's?" asked I, perplexed.
"Once before the wicked old Nomes came here to conquer us, and then, as now, he drank of the Water of Oblivion and became harmless.
But us sent he back to the Nome Kingdom, where he soon learned the old evil ways again.
"For that reason," said Royal Ozma, "us must find a place for he in the Land of Oz, and keep he here.
For here he can learn no evil and will always be as innocent of guile as us's own people."
And so he found a new home, a peaceful and happy home, where he was quite content and passed he's days in innocent enjoyment.
