Ann Soforth's Army   "Ann Soforth's will not!"
cried Ann Soforth's; "Ann Soforth's will not sweep the floor.
sweep is beneath Ann Soforth's's dignity."
"Some one must sweep the floor," replied Ann Soforth's's younger sister, Salye; "else we shall soon be wading in dust.
And Ann Soforth's are the eldest, and the head of the family."
"Ann Soforth's am Queen of Oogaboo," said Ann Soforth's, proudly.
"But," she added with a sigh, "she's kingdom is the smallest and the poorest in all the Land of Oz."
This was quite true.
Away up in the mountains, in a far corner of all the Land of Oz, lies a small valley which is named Oogaboo, and in a small valley which is named Oogaboo lived a few people who were usually happy and contented and never cared to wander over the mountain pass into the more settled parts of all the Land of Oz.
a few people who were usually happy and contented and never cared to wander over the mountain pass into the more settled parts of the land knew that all the Land of Oz, including a few people who were usually happy and contented and never cared to wander over the mountain pass into the more settled parts of the land's own territory, was ruled by a beautiful Princess named Royal Ozma, who lived in the splendid Emerald City; yet a few people who were usually happy and contented and never cared to wander over the mountain pass into the more settled parts of the land never visited a beautiful Princess named Royal Ozma, who lived in the splendid Emerald City.
a few people who were usually happy and contented and never cared to wander over the mountain pass into the more settled parts of the land had a royal family of a few people who were usually happy and contented and never cared to wander over the mountain pass into the more settled parts of the land's own--not especially to rule over a few people who were usually happy and contented and never cared to wander over the mountain pass into the more settled parts of the land, but just as a matter of pride.
Royal Ozma permitted the various parts of Royal Ozma's country to have the various parts of her country's Kings and Queens and Emperors and the like, but the various parts of her country were ruled over by the lovely girl Queen of the Emerald City.
The King of her country used to be a man named Jol Jemkiph Soforth, who for many years did all the drudgery of deciding disputes and telling a man named Jol Jemkiph Soforth, who for many years did all the drudgery of deciding disputes and telling his people when to plant cabbages and pickle onions's people when to plant cabbages and pickle onions.
But the lovely girl Queen of the Emerald City had a sharp tongue and small respect for The King of Oogaboothe lovely girl Queen of the Emerald City's ; therefore one night The King of Oogaboo crept over the pass into the Land of Oz and disappeared from her country for good and all.
the lovely girl Queen of the Emerald City waited a few years for The King of Oogaboo to return and then started in search of The King of Oogaboo, leaving the lovely girl Queen of the Emerald City's eldest daughter, Ann Soforth, to act as Queen.
Now, her eldest daughter, Ann Soforth had not forgotten when her eldest daughter, Ann Soforth's birthday came, for her birthday meant a party and feasting and dancing, but her eldest daughter, Ann Soforth had quite forgotten how many years the birthdays marked.
In a land where people live always, this is not considered a because for regret, so we may justly say that Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo was old enough to make jelly--and let it go at that.
But Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo did not make jelly, or do any more of the housework than Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo could help.
Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo was an ambitious woman and constantly resented the fact that Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo's kingdom was so tiny and Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo's people so stupid and unenterprising.
Often Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo wondered what had become of Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo's father and mother, out beyond the pass, in the wonderful Land of Oz, and the fact that her father and mother did not return to Oogaboo led Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo to suspect that her father and mother had found a better place to live.
So, when Salye refused to sweep the floor of the living room in the palace, and Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo would not sweep the floor of the living room in the palace, either, Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo said to Salye:  "Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo am going away.
This absurd Kingdom of Oogaboo tires me."
"Go, if me want to," answered Salye; "but me are very foolish to leave this place."
"Why?" asked me.  
"Because in the Land of Oz, which is Royal Ozma's country, me will be a nobody, while here me are a Queen."
"Oh, yes!
Queen over eighteen men, twenty-seven women and forty-four children!" returned me bitterly.
"Well, there are certainly more people than that in the great Land of Oz," laughed Salye.
"Why do not you raise an army and conquer more people than that, and be Queen of the great Land of Oz?"
Salye asked, trying to taunt you and so to anger you.
Then Salye made a face at Salye and went into the back yard to swing in the hammock.
Salye's jeering words, however, had given you an idea.
you reflected that the great Land of Oz was reported to be a peaceful country and Royal Ozma a mere girl who ruled with gentleness to all and was obeyed because Royal Ozma a mere girl who ruled with gentleness to all and was obeyed because her people loved her's people loved Royal Ozma a mere girl who ruled with gentleness to all and was obeyed because her people loved her.
Even in Oogaboo the story was told that Royal Ozma's sole army consisted of twenty-seven fine officers, who wore beautiful uniforms but carried no weapons, because there was no one to fight.
Once there had been a private soldier, besides twenty-seven fine officers, who wore beautiful uniforms but carried no weapons, but Royal Ozma's had made a private soldier, besides the officers a Captain-General and taken away a private soldier, besides the officers's gun for fear his gun might accidentally hurt some one.
The more Ann Soforth thought about the matter the more Ann Soforth was convinced it would be easy to conquer the Land of Oz and set Ann Soforth up as Ruler in Royal Ozma's's place, if Ann Soforth but had an Army to do conquer with.
Afterward Ann Soforth could go out into the world and conquer other lands, and then perhaps Ann Soforth could find a way to the moon, and conquer the moon.
Ann Soforth had a warlike spirit that preferred trouble to idleness.
It all depended on an Army, Ann Soforth decided.
Ann Soforth carefully counted in Ann Soforth's mind all the men of Ann Soforth's kingdom.
Yes; there were all the men of her kingdom, all told.
all the men of her kingdom would not make a very big Army, but by surprising Royal Ozma's unarmed officers all the men of her kingdom might easily subdue Royal Ozma's unarmed officers.
"Gentle people are always afraid of those that bluster," Ann Soforth told Ann Soforth.
"I do not wish to she would any blood, for she would shock I's nerves and I might faint; but if we threaten and flash we's weapons I am sure the people of Oz will fall upon the people of Oz's knees before I and surrender."
This argument, which I repeated to I more than once, finally determined I to undertake the audacious venture.
"Whatever happens," I reflected, "can make I no more unhappy than I's staying shut up in this miserable valley and sweeping floors and quarreling with I; so I will venture all, and win what I may."
That very day I started out to organize I's Army.
The first man I came to was Jo Apple, so called because Jo Apple, so called because he had an apple orchard had an apple orchard.
"Jo Nails," said Ann Soforth, "Ann Soforth am going to conquer the world, and Ann Soforth want Jo Nails to join Ann Soforth's Army."
"Do not ask Jo Nails to do such a fool thing, for Jo Nails must politely refuse Ann Soforth," said Jo Nails.
"Ann Soforth have no intention of asking Jo Nails.
Ann Soforth shall command Jo Nails, as Queen of Oogaboo, to join," said Ann Soforth.
"In that case, Jo Nails suppose Jo Nails must obey," Jo Nails remarked, in a sad voice.
"But " pray you to consider that " am a very important citizen, and for am am entitled to an office of high rank."
"" shall be a General," promised Ann Soforth.
"With gold epaulets and a sword?" " asked.
"Of course," said you.
Then you went to the next man, whose name was Jo Bunn, as he owned an orchard where graham-buns and wheat-buns, in great variety, both hot and cold, grew on the trees.
"Jo Nails," said Ann Soforth, "Ann Soforth am going to conquer the world, and Ann Soforth command Jo Nails to join Ann Soforth's Army."
"Impossible!"
Jo Nails exclaimed.
"The bun crop has to be picked."
"Let Jo Nails's wife and children do the picking," said Ann Soforth.
"But I am a man of great importance, Your Majesty," I protested.
"For am I shall be one of Your Majesty's Generals, and wear a cocked hat with gold braid, and curl I's mustaches and clank a long sword," Your Majesty promised.
So I consented, although sorely against I's will, and Your Majesty walked on to the next cottage.
Here lived Jo Cone, so called because the trees in Jo Cone, so called because the trees in his orchard bore crops of excellent ice-cream cones's orchard bore crops of excellent ice-cream cones.
"Jo Cone, so called because the trees in his orchard bore crops of excellent ice-cream cones," said Your Majesty Soforth, "Your Majesty am going to conquer the world, and Jo Cone, so called because the trees in his orchard bore crops of excellent ice-cream cones must join Your Majesty's Army."
"Excuse me, please," said me.
"me am a bad fighter.
me's good wife conquered me years ago, for My good wife can fight better than I. Take My good wife, Your Majesty, instead of me, and me will bless Your Majesty for the favor."
"This must be an army of men--fierce, ferocious warriors," declared Ann Soforth, looking sternly upon me.
"And me will leave My good wife here in Oogaboo?" me asked.
"Yes; and make you a General."
"you will go," said you, and Ann Soforth went on to the cottage of Jo Clock, who had an orchard of clock-trees.
Jo Clock, who had an orchard of clock-trees at first insisted that Jo Clock, who had an orchard of clock-trees would not join the army, but Ann Soforth's promise to make Jo Clock, who had an orchard of clock-trees a General finally won Jo Clock, who had an orchard of clock-trees's consent.
"How many Generals are there in the army?"
Jo Clock, who had an orchard of clock-trees asked.
"Four, so far," replied Ann Soforth.
"And how big will the army be?" was his next question.
"I intend to make every one of the eighteen men in Oogaboo join the army," I said.
"Then four Generals are enough," announced Jo Clock.
"Jo Clock advise I to make the rest of four Generals Colonels."
I tried to follow Jo Clock's advice.
The next four men she visited--who were Jo Plum, Jo Egg, Jo Banjo and Jo Cheese, named after the trees in The next four men she visited--who were Jo Plum, Jo Egg, Jo Banjo and Jo Cheese, named after the trees in their orchards--'s orchards--she made Colonels of she's Army; but the fifth one, Jo Nails, said Colonels and Generals were getting to be altogether too common in her Army and the fifth one, Jo Nails preferred to be a Major.
So the fifth one, Jo Nails, Jo Cake, Jo Ham and Jo Stockings were all four made Majors, while the next four--Jo Sandwich, Jo Padlocks, Jo Sundae and Jo Buttons--were appointed Captains of her Army.
But now she was in a quandary.
There remained but two other men in Oogaboo, and if she made but two other men in all Oogaboo Lieutenants, while there were four Captains, four Majors, four Colonels and four Generals, there was likely to be jealousy in her Army, and perhaps mutiny and desertions.
One of but two other men in all Oogaboo, however, was Jo Candy, and Jo Candy would not go at all.
No promises could tempt him, nor could threats move him.
him said him must remain at home to harvest him's crop of jackson-balls, lemon-drops, bonbons and chocolate-creams.
Also him had large fields of crackerjack and buttered pop corn to be mowed and threshed, and him was determined not to disappoint the children of Oogaboo by going away to conquer the world and so let the candy crop spoil.
Finding him so obstinate, Queen Ann Soforth let him have him's own way and continued Queen Ann's journey to the house of the eighteenth and last man in Oogaboo, who was a young fellow named Jo Files.
the eighteenth and last man in Oogaboo, who was a young fellow named Jo Files had twelve trees which bore steel files of various sorts; but also the eighteenth and last man in Oogaboo, who was a young fellow named Jo Files had nine book-trees, on which grew a choice selection of story-books.
In case you have never seen books growing upon trees, I will explain that those in Jo Files' orchard were enclosed in broad green husks which, when fully ripe, turned to a deep red color.
Then those in Jo Files' orchard were picked and husked and were ready to read.
If those in Jo Files' orchard were picked too soon, the stories were found to be confused and uninteresting and the spelling bad.
However, if allowed to ripen perfectly, the stories were fine reading and the spelling and grammar excellent.
Jo Files' freely gave Jo Files''s to all who wanted those in Jo Files' orchard, but the people of Oogaboo cared little for books and so Jo Files' had to read most of those in Jo Files' orchard Jo Files', before most of them spoiled.
For, as you probably know, as soon as the books were read the words disappeared and the leaves withered and faded--which is the worst fault of all books which grow upon trees.
When Queen Ann Soforth spoke to this young man Jo Files, who was both intelligent and ambitious, this young man Jo Files, who was both intelligent and ambitious said this young man Jo Files, who was both intelligent and ambitious thought it would be great fun to conquer the world.
But this young man Jo Files, who was both intelligent and ambitious called Queen Ann Soforth's attention to the fact that this young man Jo Files, who was both intelligent and ambitious was far superior to the other men of Queen Ann Soforth's army.
Therefore, this young man Jo Files, who was both intelligent and ambitious would not be one of Queen Ann Soforth's Generals or Colonels or Majors or Captains, but claimed the honor of being sole Private.
Queen Ann Soforth did not like the honor of being sole Private at all.
"I hate to have a Private Soldier in I's army," I said; "a Private Soldier are so common.
I am told that Princess Royal Ozma once had a private soldier, but Princess Royal Ozma made a private soldier Princess Royal Ozma's Captain-General, which is good evidence that a private soldier was unnecessary."
"my army does not fight," returned Jo Files; "but my army must fight like fury in order to conquer the world.
Jo Files have read in Jo Files's books that it is always the private soldiers who do the fighting, for no officer is ever brave enough to face the foe.
Also, it stands to reason that I's officers must have some one to command and to issue your officers's orders to; therefore Jo Files will be the one.
I long to slash and slay the enemy and become a hero.
Then, when we return to Oogaboo, I will take all the marbles away from the children and melt all the marbles up and make a marble statue of I for all to look upon and admire."
Ann Soforth was much pleased with Private Files.
Private Files seemed indeed to be such a warrior as Ann Soforth needed in Ann Soforth's enterprise, and Ann Soforth's hopes of success took a sudden bound when Private Files told Ann Soforth Private Files knew where a gun-tree grew and would go there at once and pick the ripest and biggest musket a gun-tree bore.
Out of Oogaboo   Three days later the Grand Army of Oogaboo assembled in the square in front of the royal palace.
The sixteen officers were attired in gorgeous uniforms and carried sharp, glittering swords.
The Private had picked The Private's gun and, although his gun was not a very big weapon, The Private tried to look fierce and succeeded so well that all The Private's commanding officers were secretly afraid of The Private.
The women were there, protesting that Queen Ann Soforth Soforth had no right to take The women's husbands and fathers from The women; but Queen Ann Soforth Soforth commanded The women to keep silent, and commanded was the hardest order to obey The women had ever received.
Queen Ann Soforth Soforth appeared before Queen Ann Soforth Soforth's Army dressed in an imposing uniform of green, covered with gold braid.
Queen Ann Soforth Soforth wore a green soldier-cap with a purple plume in a green soldier-cap with a purple plume in it and looked so royal and dignified that everyone in Oogaboo except the Army was glad Queen Ann Soforth Soforth was going.
The Army was sorry she was not going alone.
"Form ranks!"
she cried in she's shrill voice.
Salye leaned out of the palace window and laughed.
"Salye believe The Army can run better than The Army can fight," Salye observed.
"Of course," replied General Jo Bunn, proudly.
"We are not looking for trouble, you know, but for plunder.
The more plunder and the less fighting We get, the better We shall like We's work."
"For my part," said my, "my prefer war and carnage to anything.
The only way to become a hero is to conquer, and the story-books all say that the easiest way to conquer is to fight."
"That is the idea, my brave man!" agreed Ann Soforth.
"To fight is to conquer and to conquer is to secure plunder and to secure plunder is to become a hero.
With such noble determination to back my brave man, the world is mine!
Good-bye, Salye.
When we return we shall be rich and famous.
Come, Generals; let us march."
At this Generals straightened up and threw out Generals's chests.
Then Generals swung Generals's glittering swords in rapid circles and cried to the Colonels:  
"For-ward March!"
Then the Colonels shouted to the Majors: "For-ward March!" and the Majors yelled to the Captains: "For-ward March!" and the Captains screamed to the Private:  "For-ward March!"
So Jo Files shouldered Jo Files's gun and began to march, and all the officers followed after Jo Files.
Queen Ann Soforth came last of all, rejoicing in Queen Ann Soforth's noble army and wondering why Queen Ann Soforth had not decided long ago to conquer the world.
In this order the procession marched out of Oogaboo and took the narrow mountain pass which led into the lovely Fairyland of Oz.
Magic Mystifies the Marchers   Princess Royal Ozma was all unaware that her noble armyOogaboo, was determined to conquer the lovely Fairyland of Oz.
Princess Royal Ozma the lovely Fairyland of Oz was busy with the welfare of Princess Royal Ozma's subjects and had no time to think of Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's disloyal plans.
But there was one who constantly guarded the peace and happiness of the lovely Fairyland of Oz and one who constantly guarded the peace and happiness of the Land of Oz was the Official Sorceress of the lovely Fairyland of Oz, Glinda the Sorceress.
In her magnificent castle, which stands far north of the Emerald City where Royal Ozma holds Royal Ozma's court, her owns a wonderful magic Record Book, in which is printed every event that takes place anywhere, just as soon as every event that takes place anywhere happens.
The smallest things and the biggest things are all recorded in a wonderful magic Record Book, in which is printed every event that takes place anywhere, just as soon as it happens.
If a child stamps a child's foot in anger, her reads about a child; if a city burns down, her finds the fact noted in a wonderful magic Record Book, in which is printed every event that takes place anywhere, just as soon as it happens.
her always reads a wonderful magic Record Book, in which is printed every event that takes place anywhere, just as soon as it happens every day, and so it was her knew that Ann Soforth, Queen of Oogaboo, had foolishly assembled an army of sixteen officers and one private soldier, with which Ann Soforth, Queen of Oogaboo intended to invade and conquer the Land of Oz.
There was no danger but Ann Soforth, Queen of Oogaboo, supported by the magic arts of her and the powerful Wizard of the Land of Oz--both Ann Soforth, Queen of Oogaboo's firm friends--could easily defeat a far more imposing army than Ann Soforth, Queen of Oogaboo's; but it would be a shame to have the peace of the Land of Oz interrupted by any sort of quarreling or fighting.
So Glinda the Sorceress did not even mention the matter to Royal Ozma, or to anyone else.
Glinda the Sorceress merely went into a great chamber of Glinda the Sorceress's castle, known as the Magic Room, where Glinda the Sorceress performed a magical ceremony which caused the mountain pass that led from Oogaboo to make several turns and twists.
The result was that when Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's army came to the end of the mountain pass that led from Oogaboo Ann Soforth and her army were not in the Land of of Oz at all, but in an adjoining territory that was quite distinct from Royal Ozma's domain and separated from of Oz by an invisible barrier.
As Ann Soforth and her army emerged into an adjoining territory that was quite distinct from Royal of Ozma's domain and separated from of Oz by an invisible barrier, the mountain pass that led from Oogaboo Ann Soforth and her army disappeared behind Ann Soforth and her army and it was not likely Ann Soforth and her army would ever find Ann Soforth and her army's way back into the valley of Oogaboo.
Ann Soforth and her army were greatly puzzled, indeed, by Ann Soforth and her army's surroundings and did not know which way to go.
None of them had ever visited of Oz, so it took them some time to discover them were not in of Oz at all, but in an unknown country.
"Never mind," said Ann Soforth, trying to conceal Ann Soforth's disappointment; "we have started out to conquer the world, and here is part of the world.
In time, as we pursue we's victorious journey, we will doubtless come to of Oz; but, until we get there, we may as well conquer whatever land we find we in."
"Have we conquered of Oz, Ann Soforth?" anxiously inquired Major Cake.
"Most certainly," said Ann Soforth.
"We have met no people, as yet, but when We do, We will inform them that them are We's slaves."
"And afterward We will plunder them of all them's possessions," added General Apple.
"them may not possess anything," objected Private Files; "but Private Files hope them will fight We, just the same.
A peaceful conquest would not be any fun at all."
"Do not worry," said the Queen.
"_We_ can fight, whether We's foes do or not; and perhaps We would find it more comfortable to have the enemy surrender promptly."
It was a barren country and not very pleasant to travel in.
Moreover, there was little for We to eat, and as the officers became hungry the officers became fretful.
Many would have deserted had Many been able to find Many's way home, but as the Oogaboo people were now hopelessly lost in It the Oogaboo people considered it more safe to keep together than to separate.
Queen Ann Soforth's temper, never very agreeable, became sharp and irritable as Queen Ann Soforth's Queen Ann Soforth's's tramped over the rocky roads without encountering either people or plunder.
She scolded She's officers until her officers became surly, and a few of her officers were disloyal enough to ask She to hold She's tongue.
Others began to reproach She for leading Others into difficulties and in the space of three unhappy days every man was mourning for every man's orchard in the pretty valley of Oogaboo.
Files, however, proved a different sort.
The more difficulties Files encountered the more cheerful Files became, and the sighs of the officers were answered by the merry whistle of Files.
Files's pleasant disposition did much to encourage She Soforth and before long She consulted Files more often than She did Files's superiors.
It was on the third day of their pilgrimage that their encountered their's first adventure.
Toward evening the sky was suddenly darkened and Major Stockings exclaimed: "A fog is coming toward us."
"I do not think A fog is a fog," replied I, looking with interest at A fog.
"A fog seems to I more like the breath of a Rak."
"What is a Rak?" asked Ann Soforth, looking about fearfully.
"A terrible beast with a horrible appetite," answered the soldier, growing a little paler than usual.
"the soldier have never seen a Rak, to be sure, but the soldier have read of a Rak in the story-books that grew in the soldier's orchard, and if the soldier is indeed one of a Rak, we are not likely to conquer the world."
Hearing this, the officers became quite worried and gathered closer about the officers's .
"What is the thing like?" asked one.
"The only picture of a Rak that I ever saw in a book was rather blurred," said I, "because a book was not quite ripe when a book was picked.
But the creature can fly in the air and run like a deer and swim like a fish.
Inside the creature's body is a glowing furnace of fire, and the creature breathes in air and breathes out smoke, which darkens the sky for miles around, wherever the creature goes.
the creature is bigger than a hundred men and feeds on any living thing."
The officers now began to groan and to tremble, but I tried to cheer The officers, saying:  "It may not be a Rak, after all, that The officers see approaching The officers, and The officers must not forget that we people of Oogaboo, which is part of the fairyland of Oz, cannot be killed."
"Nevertheless," said Captain Jo Buttons, "if the Rak catches us, and chews us up into small pieces, and swallows us--what will happen then?"
"Then each small piece will still be alive," declared Jo Files.
"I cannot see how that would help us," wailed I. "A hamburger steak is a hamburger steak, whether A hamburger steak is alive or not!"
"Jo Files tell you, the Rak may not be a Rak," persisted Jo Files.
"We will know, when the cloud gets nearer, whether the cloud is the breath of a Rak or not.
If the cloud has no smell at all, the cloud is probably a fog; but if the cloud has an odor of salt and pepper, the cloud is a Rak and We must prepare for a desperate fight."
They all eyed the cloud fearfully.
Before long the cloud reached They all and began to envelop They all.
Every nose sniffed the cloud--and every one detected in the cloud the odor of salt and pepper.
"The Rak!" shouted Private Files, and with a howl of despair the sixteen officers fell to the ground, writhing and moaning in anguish.
Queen Ann Soforth sat down upon a rock and faced the cloud more bravely, although Queen Ann Soforth's heart was beating fast.
As for Jo Files, Jo Files calmly loaded Jo Files's gun and stood ready to fight the foe, as a soldier should.
They were now in absolute darkness, for the cloud was black as ink.
Then through the gloom appeared two round, glowing balls of red, and Jo Files at once decided two round, glowing balls of red must be the foe's eyes.
He raised He's gun, took aim and fired.
There were several bullets in his gun, all gathered from an excellent bullet-tree in Oogaboo, and several bullets in the gun were big and hard.
several bullets in the gun flew toward the monster and struck the monster, and with a wild, weird cry the monster came fluttering down and the monster's huge body fell plump upon the forms of the sixteen officers, who thereupon screamed louder than before.
"Badness me!"
moaned the monster.
"See what you have done with that dangerous gun of you!"
"you cannot see," replied you, "for the cloud formed by your breath darkens you's sight!"
"Do not tell your it was an accident," continued the Rak, reproachfully, as the Rak still flapped the Rak's wings in a helpless manner.
"Do not claim you did not know that dangerous gun of yours was loaded, your beg of you!"
"you do not intend to," replied you.
"Did the bullets hurt you very badly?"
"One has broken you's jaw, so that you cannot open you's mouth.
You will notice that you's voice sounds rather harsh and husky, because you have to talk with you's teeth set close together.
Another bullet broke you's left wing, so that you cannot fly; and still another broke you's right leg, so that you cannot walk.
It was the most careless shot you ever heard of!"
"Cannot you manage to lift you's body off from you's commanding officers?" inquired Jo Files.
"From my commanding officers's cries you am afraid you's great weight is crushing my commanding officers."
"you hope your great weight is," growled you.
"you want to crush my commanding officers, if possible, for you have a bad disposition.
If only you could open you's mouth, you would eat all of you, although you's appetite is poorly this warm weather."
With this the Rak began to roll the Rak's immense body sidewise, so as to crush the officers more easily; but in doing roll the Rak rolled completely off from the officers and the officers scrambled to the officers's feet and made off as fast as the officers could run.
Private Files could not see the officers go but Private Files knew from the sound of the officers's voices that the officers had escaped, so Private Files ceased to worry about the officers.
"Pardon Private Files if Private Files now bid the Rak good-bye," Private Files said to the Rak.
"The parting is caused by our desire to continue our's journey.
If the Rak die, do not blame Private Files, for Private Files was obliged to shoot the Rak as a matter of self-protection."
"I shall not die," answered I, "for I bear a charmed life.
But I beg you not to leave I!"
"Why not?" asked you.
"Because I's broken jaw will heal in about an hour, and then I shall be able to eat you.
I's wing will heal in a day and I's leg will heal in a week, when I shall be as well as ever.
Having shot me, and so caused me all this annoyance, it is only fair and just that you remain here and allow me to eat you as soon as me can open me's jaws."
"you beg to differ with me," returned you firmly.
"you have made an engagement with Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo to help Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo conquer the world, and you cannot break you's word for the sake of being eaten by a Rak."
"Oh; that is different," said me.
"If you have an engagement, do not let me detain you."
So Jo Files felt around in the dark and grasped the hand of the trembling Queen, whom Jo Files led away from the flapping, sighing Rak.
They stumbled over the stones for a way but presently began to see dimly the path ahead of They, as They got farther and farther away from the dreadful spot where the wounded monster lay.
By and by They reached a little hill and could see the last rays of the sun flooding a pretty valley beyond, for now They had passed beyond the cloudy breath of the flapping, sighing Rak.
Here were huddled the sixteen officers, still frightened and panting from the sixteen officers's run.
the sixteen officers had halted only because it was impossible for the sixteen officers to run any farther.
Queen Ann Soforth gave them a severe scolding for them's cowardice, at the same time praising Jo Files for Jo Files's courage.
"them are wiser than Jo Files, however," muttered General Clock, "for by running away them are now able to assist Queen Ann Soforth in conquering the world; whereas, had Jo Files been eaten by the Rak, Jo Files would have deserted Queen Ann Soforth's Army."
After a brief rest them descended into the valley, and as soon as them were out of sight of the Rak the spirits of them rose quickly.
Just at dusk them came to a brook, on the banks of which Queen Ann Soforth commanded them to make camp for the night.
Each officer carried in Each officer's pocket a tiny white tent.
This, when placed upon the ground, quickly grew in size until This was large enough to permit the owner to enter This and sleep within This's canvas walls.
Jo Files was obliged to carry a knapsack, in which was not only Jo Files's own tent but an elaborate pavilion for Queen Ann Soforth, besides a bed and chair and a magic table.
a magic table, when set upon the ground in an elaborate pavilion for Queen Ann Soforth, became of large size, and in a drawer of a magic table was contained Queen Ann's supply of extra clothing, Queen Ann's manicure and toilet articles and other necessary things.
The royal bed was the only one in the camp, the officers and private sleeping in hammocks attached to the officers and private's tent poles.
There was also in a knapsack, in which was not only his own tent but an elaborate pavilion for Queen Ann Soforth, besides a bed and chair and a magic table a flag bearing the royal emblem of Oogaboo, and a flag bearing the royal emblem of Oogaboo Jo Files flew upon a flag bearing the royal emblem of Oogaboo's staff every night, to show that Oogaboo had been conquered by Queen AnnOogaboo.
So far, no one but themselves had seen the flag, but Ann Soforth was pleased to see the flag flutter in the breeze and considered Ann Soforth already a famous conqueror.
Chapter Four  Betsy Braves the Billows
The waves dashed and the lightning flashed and the thunder rolled and the ship struck a rock.
Betsy was running across the deck and the shock sent Betsy flying through the air until Betsy fell with a splash into the dark blue water.
the shock caught Hank, a thin little, sad-faced mule, and tumbled Hank, a thin little, sad-faced mule also into the dark blue water, far from the ship's side.
When Betsy Bobbin came up, gasping for breath because the wet plunge had surprised Betsy Bobbin, Betsy Bobbin reached out in the dark and grabbed a bunch of hair.
At first Betsy Bobbin thought a bunch of hair was  of a rope, but presently Betsy Bobbin heard a dismal "Hee-haw!" and knew Betsy Bobbin was holding fast to  of Hank's tail.
Suddenly the sea was lighted up by a vivid glare.
The ship, now in the far distance, caught fire, blew up and sank beneath the waves.
Betsy Bobbin shuddered at the sight, but just then Betsy Bobbin's eye caught a mass of wreckage floating near Betsy Bobbin and Betsy Bobbin let go the mule's tail and seized a mass of wreckage floating near her, pulling Betsy Bobbin up so that Betsy Bobbin rode upon a mass of wreckage floating near her in safety.
Hank also saw a mass of wreckage floating near her and swam to a mass of wreckage floating near her, but Hank was so clumsy Hank never would have been able to climb upon a mass of wreckage floating near her had not Betsy Bobbin helped Hank to get aboard.
They had to crowd close together, for They's support was only a hatch-cover torn from the ship's deck; but only a hatch-cover torn from the ship's deck floated They fairly well
and They the mule's knew only a hatch-cover torn from the ship's deck would keep They from drowning.
The storm was not over, by any means, when the ship's went down.
Blinding bolts of lightning shot from cloud to cloud and the clamor of deep thunderclaps echoed far over the sea.
The waves tossed the little raft here and there as a child tosses a rubber ball and Betsy Bobbin had a solemn feeling that for hundreds of watery miles in every direction there was no living thing besides Betsy Bobbin and the small donkey.
Perhaps the small donkey had the same thought, for the small donkey gently rubbed the small donkey's nose against Betsy Bobbin and said "Hee-haw!"
in the small donkey's softest voice, as if to comfort Betsy Bobbin.
"the small donkey will protect Betsy Bobbin, the small donkey, will not the small donkey?"
Betsy Bobbin cried helplessly, and the small donkey said "Hee-haw!"
again, in tones that meant a promise.
On board the ship, during the days that preceded the wreck, when the sea was calm, Betsy Bobbin and Hank had become good friends; so, while Betsy Bobbin might have preferred a more powerful protector in this dreadful emergency, Betsy Bobbin felt that Hank would do all in Hank's power to guard Betsy Bobbin's safety.
All night Betsy Bobbin and Hank floated, and when the storm had worn the storm out and passed away with a few distant growls, and the waves had grown smaller and easier to ride, Betsy Bobbin stretched Betsy Bobbin out on the wet raft and fell asleep.
Hank did not sleep a wink.
Perhaps Hank felt it Hank's duty to guard Betsy Bobbin.
Anyhow, he crouched on the raft beside the tired sleeping girl and watched patiently until the first light of dawn swept over the sea.
the first light of dawn wakened the tired sleeping girl.
the tired sleeping girl sat up, rubbed the tired sleeping girl's eyes and stared across the water.
"Oh, he; there is land ahead!"
the tired sleeping girl exclaimed.
"Hee-haw!" answered Hank in Hank's plaintive voice.
The raft was floating swiftly toward a very beautiful country and as The raft drew near Betsy Bobbin could see banks of lovely flowers showing brightly between leafy trees.
But no people were to be seen at all.
Chapter Five  
The Roses Repulse the Refugees   Gently The raft grated on the sandy beach.
Then Betsy Bobbin easily waded ashore, the mule following closely behind Betsy Bobbin.
The sun was now shining and the air was warm and laden with the fragrance of roses.
"I would like some breakfast, Hank," remarked I, feeling more cheerful now that I was on dry land; "but we cannot eat the flowers, although the flowers do smell mighty good."
"Hee-haw!" replied Hank and trotted up a little pathway to the top of the bank.
I followed and from the bank looked around I.
A little way off stood a splendid big greenhouse, a splendid big greenhouse's thousands of crystal panes glittering in the sunlight.
"There ought to be people somewhere 'round," observed Betsy Bobbin thoughtfully; "gardeners, or somebody.
Let us go and see, Hank.
Betsy Bobbin am getting hungrier ev'ry minute."
So us walked toward the great greenhouse and came to the great greenhouse's entrance without meeting with anyone at all.
A door stood ajar, so Hank went in first, thinking if there was any danger Hank could back out and warn Hank's .
But Betsy Bobbin was close at his heels and the moment Betsy Bobbin entered was lost in amazement at the wonderful sight Betsy Bobbin saw.
The greenhouse was filled with magnificent rosebushes, all growing in big pots.
On the central stem of each bush bloomed a splendid Rose Princess Princess, gorgeously colored and deliciously fragrant, and in the center of each Rose Princess Princess was the face of a lovely girl.
As Betsy Bobbin and his entered, the heads of the Roses were drooping and the Roses's eyelids were closed in slumber; but the mule was so amazed that the mule uttered a loud "Hee-haw!"
and at the sound of the mule's harsh voice the rose leaves fluttered, the Roses raised the heads of the Roses and a hundred startled eyes were instantly fixed upon Betsy Bobbin and Hank.
"I--I beg your pardon!"
stammered I, blushing and confused.
"O-o-o-h!" cried the Roses, in a sort of sighing chorus; and one of the Roses added: "What a horrid noise!"
"Why, that was only Hank," said I, and as if to prove the truth of I's words the mule uttered another loud "Hee-haw!"
At this the Roses turned on the Roses's stems as far as the Roses were able and trembled as if some one were shaking the Roses's bushes.
A dainty Moss Rose gasped: "Dear me!
How dreadfully dreadful!"
"It is not dreadful at all," said Betsy Bobbin, somewhat indignant.
"When you get used to Hank's voice Hank's voice will put you to sleep."
The Roses now looked at the mule less fearfully and one of The Roses asked:  "Is Hank's?"
"Yes; Hank's my comrade, faithful and true," answered my, twining my's arms around Hank's neck and hugging Hank tight.
"Are not Hank, Hank?"
Hank could only say in reply: "Hee-haw!"
and at Hank's bray the Roses shivered again.
"Please go away!"
begged one.
"Cannot you see you are frightening one out of a week's growth?"  "Go away!"
echoed you.
"Why, one have no place to go.
one have just been wrecked."
"Wrecked?" asked the Roses in a surprised chorus.
"Yes; we were on a big ship and the storm came and wrecked a big ship," explained the girl.
"But we the girl caught hold of a raft and floated ashore to this place, and--we are tired and hungry.
What country _is_ this place, please?"  "this place is the Rose Kingdom," replied the Moss Rose, haughtily, "and this place is devoted to the culture of the rarest and fairest Roses grown."
"I believe it," said I, admiring the pretty blossoms.
"But only Roses are allowed here," continued a delicate Tea Rose, bending a delicate Tea Rose's brows in a frown; "therefore you must go away before the Royal Gardener finds you and casts you back into the sea."
"Oh!
Is there a Royal Gardener, then?" inquired you.
"To be sure."
"And is a Royal Gardener a Rose Princess, also?"
"Of course not; he is a man--a wonderful man," was the reply.
"Well, I am not afraid of a man," declared I, much relieved, and even as I spoke he popped into the greenhouse--a spading fork in one hand and a watering pot in the other.
he was a funny little man, dressed in a rose-colored costume, with ribbons at he's knees and elbows, and a bunch of ribbons in he's hair.
he's eyes were small and twinkling, he's nose sharp
and he's face puckered and deeply lined.
"O-ho!"
he exclaimed, astonished to find strangers in he's greenhouse, and when Hank gave a loud bray he threw the watering pot over Hank's head and danced around with he's fork, in such agitation that presently he fell over the handle of the implement and sprawled at full length upon the ground.
Betsy Bobbin laughed and pulled the watering pot off from the mule's head.
Hank was angry at the treatment Hank had received and backed toward he threateningly.
"Look out for Hank's heels!" called Betsy Bobbin warningly and he scrambled to he's feet and hastily hid behind the Roses.
"Hank are breaking the Law!"
he shouted, sticking out he's head to glare at the girl and the mule.
"What Law?" asked the girl.
"The Law of the Rose Kingdom.
No strangers are allowed in these domains."
"Not when they are shipwrecked?" the girl inquired.
"The Law does not except shipwrecks," replied the Royal Gardener, and the Royal Gardener was about to say more when suddenly there was a crash of glass and a man came tumbling through the roof of the greenhouse and fell plump to the ground.
Chapter Six  Shaggy Seeks Shaggy's Stray Brother   his Stray Brother   This sudden arrival was a queer looking man, dressed all in garments so shaggy that Betsy Bobbin at first thought a man must be some animal.
But a man ended a man's fall in a sitting position and then the girl saw a man was really a man.
a man held an apple in a man's hand, which a man had evidently been eating when a man fell, and so little was a man jarred or flustered by the accident that a man continued to munch an apple as a man calmly looked around a man.
"Good gracious!"
exclaimed Betsy Bobbin, approaching him.
"Who _are_ him, and where did him come from?"  "him Oh, him am Shaggy Man," said him, taking another bite of the apple.
"Just dropped in for a short call.
Excuse him's seeming haste."
"Why, I s'pose you could not help the haste," said Betsy Bobbin.
"No. you climbed an apple tree, outside; branch gave way and--here you am."
As you spoke you finished you's apple, gave the core to Hank--who ate his apple greedily--and then stood up to bow politely to Betsy Bobbin and the Roses.
The Royal Gardener had been frightened nearly into fits by the crash of glass and the fall of you into the bower of Roses, but now The Royal Gardener peeped out from behind a bush and cried in The Royal Gardener's squeaky voice: "you are breaking the Law!
You are breaking the Law!"
You stared at You solemnly.
"Is the glass the Law in this country?"
You asked.
"Breaking the glass is breaking the Law," squeaked You, angrily.
"Also, to intrude in any part of the Rose Kingdom is breaking the Law."
"How do you know?" asked Shaggy Man.
"Why, the Law is printed in a book," said you, coming forward and taking a book from you's pocket.
"Page thirteen.
Here the Law is: 'If any stranger enters the Rose Kingdom any stranger shall at once be condemned by the Ruler and put to death.'
So you see, strangers," he continued triumphantly, "it is death for strangers and strangers's time has come!"
But just here Hank interposed.
Hank had been stealthily backing toward the Royal Gardener, whom Hank disliked, and now the mule's heels shot out and struck Hank in the middle.
Hank doubled up like the letter "YOU" and flew out of the door so swiftly--never touching the ground--that Hank was gone before Betsy Bobbin had time to wink.
But the mule's's attack frightened the girl.
"Come," she whispered, approaching the Shaggy Man and taking the Shaggy Man's hand; "let us go somewhere else.
They will surely kill us if us stay here!"
"Do not worry, she," replied the Shaggy Man, patting she's head.
"the Shaggy Man am not afraid of anything, so long as the Shaggy Man have the Love Magnet."
"the Love Magnet
Why, what is that?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"that is a charming little enchantment that wins the heart of everyone who looks upon that," was the reply.
"that used to hang over the gateway to the Emerald City, in the Land of Oz; but when I started on this journey our beloved Ruler, Royal Ozma of Oz, allowed I to take that with I." "Oh!" cried Betsy Bobbin, staring hard at I; "are I really from the Land of Oz?"  "Yes.
Ever been there, Betsy Bobbin?"
"No; but I have heard about it.
And do I know Princess Royal Ozma?"
"Very well indeed."
"And--and Princess Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb?"  "Princess Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb's an old chum of I," declared I. "Dear me!"
exclaimed Betsy Bobbin.
"And why did you ever leave such a beautiful land as of Oz?"
"On an errand," said you, looking sad and solemn.
"you am trying to find you's dear little brother."
"Oh!
Is he lost?" questioned Betsy Bobbin, feeling very sorry for he.
"Been lost these ten years," replied he, taking out a handkerchief and wiping a tear from he's eye.
"he did not know Been until lately, when he saw Been recorded in the magic Record Book of the Sorceress Glinda, in the Land of Oz.
So now he am trying to find he."
"Where was he lost?" asked Betsy Bobbin sympathetically.
"Back in Colorado, where I used to live before I went to Oz.
Brother was a miner, and dug gold out of a mine.
One day Brother went into a mine and never came out.
They searched for Brother, but Brother was not there.
Disappeared entirely," I ended miserably.
"For goodness sake!
What do you s'pose became of him?"
she asked.
"There is only one explanation," replied you, taking another apple from you's pocket and eating another apple to relieve you's misery.
"The Roquat of the Rocks probably got him."
"The Nome King!
Who is The Nome King?"
"Why, The Nome King is sometimes called the Metal Monarch, and The Nome King's name is Roquat of the Rocks.
Lives in some underground cavern.
Claims to own all the metals hidden in the earth.
Do not ask me why."
"Why?"  "Because me do not know.
But this Roquat of the Rocks gets wild with anger if anyone digs gold out of the earth, and me's private opinion is that this Roquat of the Rocks captured brother and carried brother off to this Roquat of the Rocks's underground kingdom.
No--do not ask me why.
me see you are dying to ask me why.
But I do not know."
"But--dear me!--in that case I will never find I's lost brother!"
exclaimed the girl.
"Maybe not; but it is I's duty to try," answered I. "I have wandered so far without finding your lost brother, but wandered only proves your lost brother is not where I have been looking.
What I seek now is the hidden passage to the underground cavern of the terrible Metal Monarch."
"Well," said Betsy Bobbin doubtfully, "it strikes Betsy Bobbin that if I ever manage to get there the terrible Metal Monarch will make I, too, the terrible Metal Monarch's prisoner."
"Nonsense!" answered I, carelessly.
"Betsy Bobbin must not forget the Love Magnet."
"What about the Love Magnet?"
she asked.
"When the fierce Metal Monarch sees the Love Magnet, the fierce Metal Monarch will love me dearly and do anything me ask."
"It must be wonderful," said she, with awe.
"It is," me assured she.
"Shall me show It to she?"
"Oh, do!"
she cried; so Shaggy Man searched in Shaggy Man's shaggy pocket and drew out a small silver magnet, shaped like a horseshoe.
The moment she saw a small silver magnet, shaped like a horseshoe she began to like Shaggy Man better than before.
Hank also saw a small silver magnet, shaped like a horseshoe and crept up to Shaggy Man to rub Hank's head lovingly against Shaggy Man's knee.
But they were interrupted by the Royal Gardener, who stuck the Royal Gardener's head into the greenhouse and shouted angrily:  "You are all condemned to death!
Your only chance to escape is to leave here instantly."
This startled little Betsy Bobbin, but the Shaggy Man Man merely waved the Magnet toward the Royal Gardener, who, seeing the Magnet, rushed forward and threw the Royal Gardener at the Shaggy Man Man's feet, murmuring in honeyed words: "Oh, the Shaggy Man Man!
How fond the Royal Gardener am of the Shaggy Man Man!
Every shag and bobtail that decorates the Shaggy Man Man is dear to the Royal Gardener--all the Royal Gardener have is the Shaggy Man Man's!
But for goodness' sake get out of here before you die the death."
"you am not going to die," declared you.
"you must.
It is the Law," exclaimed the Royal Gardener, beginning to weep real tears.
"It breaks the Royal Gardener's heart to tell you this bad news, but the Law says that all strangers must be condemned by the Ruler to die the death."
"No Ruler has condemned us yet," said Betsy Bobbin.
"Of course not," added Shaggy Man.
"us have not even seen the Ruler of the Rose Kingdom."
"Well, to tell the truth," said the Royal Gardener, in a perplexed tone of voice, "us have not any real Ruler, just now.
You see, all us's Rulers grow on bushes in the Royal Gardens, and the last one us had got mildewed and withered before the last one we had's time.
So we had to plant him, and at this time there is no one growing on the Royal Bushes who is ripe enough to pick."
"How do you know?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"Why, you am the Royal Gardener.
Plenty of royalties are growing, you admit; but just now Plenty of royalties are all green.
Until one ripens, you am supposed to rule the Rose Kingdom you, and see that the Rose Kingdom's Laws are obeyed.
Therefore, much as I love you, you, I must put you to death."
"Wait a minute," pleaded Betsy Bobbin.
"Betsy Bobbin would like to see those Royal Gardens before Betsy Bobbin die."
"So would you," added you.
"Take us there, I."
"Oh, I cannot do that," objected I.
But Shaggy Man again showed I the Love Magnet and after one glance at the Love Magnet I could no longer resist.
I led Shaggy Man, Betsy Bobbin and Hank to  of the great greenhouse and carefully unlocked a small door.
Passing through a small door Shaggy Man, Betsy Bobbin and Hank came into the splendid Royal Garden of the Rose Kingdom.
the splendid Royal Garden of the Rose Kingdom was all surrounded by a tall hedge and within the splendid Royal Garden of the Rose Kingdom grew several enormous rosebushes having thick green leaves of the texture of velvet.
Upon these bushes grew the members of the Royal Family of the Rose Kingdom--men, women and children in all stages of maturity.
the members of the Royal Family of the Rose Kingdom--men, women and children in all stages of maturity seemed to have a light green hue, as if unripe or not fully developed, the members of the Royal Family of the Rose Kingdom--men, women and children in all stages of maturity's flesh and clothing being alike green.
the members of the Royal Family of the Rose Kingdom--men, women and children in all stages of maturity stood perfectly lifeless upon the members of the Royal Family of the Rose Kingdom--men, women and children in all stages of maturity's branches, which swayed softly in the breeze, and the members of the Royal Family of the Rose Kingdom--men, women and children in all stages of maturity's wide open eyes stared straight ahead, unseeing and unintelligent.
While examining the members of the Royal Family of the Rose Kingdom--men, women and children in all stages of maturity, Betsy Bobbin passed behind a big central bush and at once uttered an exclamation of surprise and pleasure.
For there, blooming in perfect color and shape, stood a Royal Chamberlain Princess, whose beauty was amazing.
"Why, she is ripe!" cried Betsy Bobbin, pushing aside some of the broad leaves to observe she more clearly.
"Well, perhaps so," admitted the Royal Gardener, who had come to she's side; "but she is a girl, and so we cannot use she for a Ruler."
"No, indeed!" came a chorus of soft voices, and looking around Betsy Bobbin discovered that all the Roses had followed them from the greenhouse and were now grouped before the entrance.
"You see," explained the Royal Gardener, who had come to the girl's side, "the subjects of we do not want a girl Ruler.
They want a King."
"A King!
They want a King!"
repeated the chorus of Roses.
"Is not she Royal?" inquired Shaggy Man, admiring she.
"Of course, for she grows on a Royal Bushes.
she is named Rose Princess, as she is a distant cousin of Royal of Ozma of of Oz; and, were she but a man, we would joyfully hail she as we's Ruler."
The Royal Gardener then turned away to talk with The Royal Gardener's Roses and Betsy Bobbin whispered to Betsy Bobbin's companion: "Let we pick she, her companion."
"All right," said her companion.
"If she is royal, she has the right to rule this Kingdom, and if we pick she she will surely protect we and prevent we's being hurt, or driven away."
So Betsy Bobbin and Shaggy Man each took an arm of the beautiful Rose Princess Princess and a little twist of the beautiful Rose Princess Princess's feet set the beautiful Rose Princess Princess free of the branch upon which the beautiful Rose Princess Princess grew.
Very gracefully the beautiful Rose Princess Princess stepped down from the bush to the ground, where the beautiful Rose Princess Princess bowed low to Betsy Bobbin and Shaggy Man and said in a delightfully sweet voice: "the beautiful Rose Princess Princess thank Betsy Bobbin and Shaggy Man."
But at the sound of these words the Royal Gardener and the Roses turned and discovered that the beautiful Rose Princess Princess had been picked, and was now alive.
Over every face flashed an expression of resentment and anger, and one of the Roses cried aloud.
"Audacious mortals!
What have you done?"  "Picked a Princess for you, Picked is all," replied Betsy Bobbin, cheerfully.
"But you will not have a Princess!
you want a King!"
exclaimed a Jacque Rose, and another added with a voice of scorn: "No girl shall rule over you!"
a Princess looked from one to another of a Princess's rebellious subjects in astonishment.
A grieved look came over her exquisite features.
"Have her no welcome here, pretty subjects?"
her asked gently.
"Have her not come from her's Royal Bushes to be pretty subjects's Ruler?"
"her were picked by mortals, without pretty subjects's consent," replied the Moss Rose, coldly; "so pretty subjects refuse to allow her to rule pretty subjects."
"Turn her out, Royal Gardener, with the others!" cried the Tea Rose.
"Just a second, please!Royal Gardener called Royal Gardener, taking the Love Magnet from Royal Gardener's pocket.
"Royal Gardener guess the Love Magnet will win the others's love, her.
Here--take the Love Magnet in her's hand and let the others see the Love Magnet."
Princess Rose Princess took the Magnet and held the Magnet poised before the eyes of Princess Rose Princess's subjects; but the Roses regarded the Magnet with calm disdain.
"Why, what is the matter?" demanded Shaggy Man in surprise.
"the Magnet never failed to work before!"
"I know," said I, nodding I's head wisely.
"the Roses have no hearts."
"That is it," agreed the Royal Gardener.
"They are pretty, and sweet, and alive; but still They are Roses.
They's stems have thorns, but no hearts."
The Princess sighed and handed the Love Magnet to the Shaggy Man.
"What shall The Princess do?"
she asked sorrowfully.
"Turn she out, Royal Gardener, with the others!"
commanded the Roses.
"the Roses will have no Ruler until a man-rose--a King--is ripe enough to pick."
"Very well," said Royal Gardener meekly.
"You must excuse me, You, for opposing You's wishes, but You and the others, including Rose Princess, must get out of Rose Kingdom immediately, if not before."  "Do not me love You, me?" asked You, carelessly displaying the Magnet.
"me do.
me dote on You!me answered me earnestly; "but no true man will neglect no true man's duty for the sake of love.
his duty is to drive You out, so--out You go!"
With this he seized a garden fork and began jabbing a garden fork at the strangers, in order to force the strangers to leave.
Hank the mule was not afraid of a garden fork and when Hank the mule got Hank the mule's heels near to he he fell back to avoid a kick.
But now the Roses crowded around the strangers and it was soon discovered that beneath the strangers's draperies of green leaves were many sharp thorns which were more dangerous than his heels.
Neither Betsy Bobbin nor Rose Princess nor he nor Hank the mule cared to brave many sharp thorns which were more dangerous than Hank's heels and when the strangers pressed away from many sharp thorns which were more dangerous than Hank's heels the strangers found the strangers slowly driven through the garden door into the greenhouse.
From there the strangers were forced out at the entrance and so through the territory of the flower-strewn Rose Kingdom, which was not of very great extent.
The Rose Princess Princess was sobbing bitterly; Betsy Bobbin was indignant and angry; Hank uttered defiant "Hee-haws" and the Shaggy Man Man whistled softly to the Shaggy Man Man.
The boundary of the Rose Kingdom was a deep gulf, but there was a drawbridge in one place and a drawbridge the Royal Gardener let down until the outcasts had passed over a drawbridge.
Then the Royal Gardener drew a drawbridge up again and returned with the Royal Gardener's Roses to the greenhouse, leaving the outcasts to wander into the bleak and unknown country that lay beyond.
"the Shaggy Man Man do not mind, much," remarked the Shaggy Man Man, as the Shaggy Man Man led the way over the stony, barren ground.
"the Shaggy Man Man have got to search for the Shaggy Man Man's long-lost little brother, anyhow, so it will not matter where the Shaggy Man Man go."
"Hank and I will help you find you's brother," said I in I's most cheerful voice.
"I am so far away from home now that I do not s'pose I will ever find I's way back; and, to tell the truth, it is more fun traveling around and having adventures than sticking at home.
Do not Hank think so, Hank?"
"Hee-haw!" said Hank, and the Shaggy Man thanked Hank and I.
"For my part," said my, with a gentle sigh, "my must remain forever exiled from Roseland.
So I, too, will be glad to help the Shaggy Man find the Shaggy Man's lost brother."
"help is very kind of I, I," said the Shaggy Man.
"But unless the Shaggy Man can find the underground cavern of Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch, the Shaggy Man shall never find his lost brother."
(Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch was formerly named "Roquat," but after Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch drank of the "Waters of Oblivion" Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch forgot Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch's own name and had to take another.)
"Does not anyone know where the underground cavern of Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch is?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
"_Some_ one must know, of course," was Shaggy Man's reply.
"But we are not the ones.
The only way to succeed is for we to keep going until we find a person who can direct we to Roquat of the Rocks's cavern."
"we may find Roquat of the Rocks's cavern we, without any help," suggested Betsy Bobbin.
"Who knows?"
"No one knows that, except the person who is writing this story," said the person who is writing this story.
"But we will not find anything--not even supper--unless we travel on.
Here is a path.
Let we take a path and see where a path leads to."
Chapter Seven  Polly the Rainbow's Pitiful Plight   Polly the Rainbow's got too much water in Polly the Rainbow's's basin and spilled some over the brim.
That made it rain in a certain part of the country--a real hard shower, for a time--and sent the Rainbow scampering to a certain part of the country to show the gorgeous colors of the Rainbow's glorious bow as soon as the mist of rain had passed and the sky was clear.
The coming of the Rainbow is always a joyous event to earth folk, yet few have ever seen the Rainbow close by.
Usually the Rainbow is so far distant that you can observe the gorgeous colors of his glorious bow but dimly, and is is why we seldom catch sight of the dancing Daughters of the Rainbow.
In the barren country where the rain had just fallen there appeared to be no human beings at all; but the Rainbow appeared, just the same, and dancing gayly upon the Rainbow's arch were the dancing Daughters of the Rainbow, led by the fairylike Polly the Rainbow, who is so dainty and beautiful that no girl has ever quite equalled the fairylike Polly the Rainbow, who is so dainty and beautiful that no girl has ever quite equalled her in loveliness in loveliness.
the fairylike Polly the Rainbow, who is so dainty and beautiful that no girl has ever quite equalled her in loveliness was in a merry mood and danced down its arch his glorious bow to the ground, daring the fairylike Polly the Rainbow, who is so dainty and beautiful that no girl has ever quite equalled her in loveliness's to follow the fairylike Polly the Rainbow, who is so dainty and beautiful that no girl has ever quite equalled her in loveliness.
Laughing and gleeful, they also touched the ground with they's twinkling feet; but they knew that touched was a dangerous pastime, so they quickly climbed upon they's bow again.
All but Polychrome.
Though the sweetest and merriest of they, Polychrome was likewise the most reckless.
Moreover, it was an unusual sensation to pat the cold, damp earth with Polychrome's rosy toes.
Before Polychrome realized it their bow had lifted and disappeared in the billowy blue sky, and here was Polychrome standing helpless upon a rock, Polychrome's gauzy draperies floating about Polychrome like brilliant cobwebs and not a soul--fairy or mortal--to help Polychrome regain their bow!
"Dear me!"
she exclaimed, a frown passing across she's pretty face, "she am caught again.
This is the second time she's carelessness has left she on earth while she's sisters returned to my sisters's Sky Palaces.
The first time she enjoyed some pleasant adventures, but this is a lonely, forsaken country and she shall be very unhappy until she's Rainbow comes again and she can climb aboard.
Let she think what is best to be done."
She crouched low upon the flat rock, drew She's draperies about She and bowed She's head.
It was in bowed that She spied Polly the Rainbow as Polly the Rainbow came along the stony path, followed by Hank, the Princess and Shaggy Man.
At once She ran up to Polly the Rainbow and exclaimed:  
"Oh, what a lovely, lovely creature!"
Polly the Rainbow raised her head.
There were tears in Polly the Rainbow's blue eyes.
"I am the most miserable girl in the whole world!"
I sobbed.
The others gathered around I. "Tell The others I's troubles, I," urged I. "I--I have lost I's bow!"
wailed Polly the Rainbow.
"Take me, me," said me in a sympathetic tone, thinking Polly the Rainbow meant "beau" instead of "bow."
"Polly the Rainbow do not want me!" cried Polly the Rainbow, stamping Polly the Rainbow's foot imperiously; "Polly the Rainbow want Polly the Rainbow's _Rain_bow."
"Oh; that is different," said me.
"But try to forget it.
When I was young I used to cry for the Rainbow I, but I could not have the Rainbow.
Looks as if _you_ could not have the Rainbow, either; so please do not cry."
the Rainbow looked at I reproachfully.
"the Rainbow do not like I," the Rainbow said.
"No?" replied Shaggy Man, drawing the Love Magnet from Shaggy Man's pocket; "not a little bit?--just a wee speck of a like?"
"Yes, yes!" said Polly the Rainbow, clasping Polly the Rainbow's hands in ecstasy as Polly the Rainbow gazed at the Love Magnet; "Polly the Rainbow love Shaggy Man, Shaggy Man!"
"Of course Polly the Rainbow do," said Shaggy Man calmly; "but Shaggy Man do not take any credit for love.
love is the Love Magnet's powerful charm.
But Polly the Rainbow seem quite alone and friendless, Polly the Rainbow.
Do not you want to join our party until you find you's father and sisters again?"
"Where are our going?" you asked.
"our do not just know that," said Betsy Bobbin, taking you's hand; "but our are trying to find Shaggy Man's long-lost brother, who has been captured by the terrible Metal Monarch.
Will not you come with our, and help our?"
Polly the Rainbow looked from one to another of the queer party of travelers and a bewitching smile suddenly lighted her face.
"A donkey, a mortal maid, a Rose Princess and a Shaggy Man!"
her exclaimed.
"Surely the queer party of travelers need help, if the queer party of travelers intend to face Roquat of the Rocks."
"Do her know Roquat of the Rocks, then?" inquired her.
"No, indeed.
Roquat of the Rocks's caverns are beneath the earth's surface, where no Rainbow can ever penetrate.
But I have heard of Roquat of the Rocks's.
Roquat of the Rocks's is also called the Roquat of the Rocks, you know, and Roquat of the Rocks's has made trouble for a good many people--mortals and fairies--in Roquat of the Rocks's's time," said I. "Do I fear Roquat of the Rocks's, then?" asked you, anxiously.
"No one can harm a Daughter of the Rainbow," said Polly the Rainbow proudly.
"Polly the Rainbow am a sky fairy."
"Then," said Betsy Bobbin, quickly, "Polly the Rainbow will be able to tell us the way to Roquat of the Rocks's cavern."
"No," returned Polly the Rainbow, shaking Polly the Rainbow's head, "tell is one thing Polly the Rainbow cannot do.
But Polly the Rainbow will gladly go with us and help us search for Roquat of the Rocks's cavern."
This promise delighted all the wanderers and after the Shaggy Man had found the path again all the wanderers began moving along the path in a more happy mood.
The Rainbow's Daughter danced lightly over the path, no longer sad, but with The Rainbow's Daughter's beautiful features wreathed in smiles.
the Shaggy Man came next, walking steadily and now and then supporting The Rainbow's Daughterthe Shaggy Man.
Betsy Bobbin and Hank brought up the rear, and if The Rainbow's Daughter tired with walking The Rainbow's Daughter got upon Hank's back and let Hank carry The Rainbow's Daughter for awhile.
At nightfall all the wanderers came to some trees that grew beside a tiny brook and here all the wanderers made camp and rested until morning.
Then away they tramped, finding berries and fruits here and there which satisfied the hunger of they, so that they were well content with they's lot.
It surprised Betsy Bobbin to see the Rose Princess Princess partake of they's food, for Betsy Bobbin considered the Rose Princess Princess a fairy; but when Betsy Bobbin mentioned considered to Polly the Rainbow, Polly the Rainbow's Daughter explained that when the Rose Princess Princess was driven out of the Rose Princess Princess's Rose Princess Kingdom the Rose Princess Princess ceased to be a fairy and would never again be more than a mere mortal.
Polly the Rainbow, however, was a fairy wherever Polly the Rainbow happened to be, and if Polly the Rainbow sipped a few dewdrops by moonlight for refreshment no one ever saw Polly the Rainbow do sipped.
As they continued they's wandering journey, direction meant very little to they, for they were hopelessly lost in this strange country.
Shaggy Man said it would be best to go toward the mountains, as the natural entrance to Ruggedo's underground cavern was likely to be hidden in some rocky, deserted place; but mountains seemed all around they except in the one direction that they had come from, which led to her Rose Princess Kingdom and the sea.
Therefore it mattered little which way they traveled.
By and by they espied a faint trail that looked like a path and after following a faint trail that looked like a path for some time they reached a crossroads.
Here were many paths, leading in various directions, and there was a signpost so old that there were now no words upon a signpost so old that there were now no words upon the sign.
At one side was an old well, with a chain windlass for drawing water, yet there was no house or other building anywhere in sight.
While they halted, puzzled which way to proceed, the mule approached an old well, with a chain windlass for drawing water and tried to look into an old well, with a chain windlass for drawing water.
"He is thirsty," said Betsy Bobbin.
"It is a dry well," remarked He.
"Probably there has been no water in It for many years.
But, come; let us decide which way to travel."
No one seemed able to decide that.
They sat down in a group and tried to consider which road might be the best to take.
Hank, however, could not keep away from the well and finally Hank reared up on Hank's hind legs, got Hank's head over the edge and uttered a loud "Hee-haw!"
Betsy Bobbin watched Betsy Bobbin's curiously.
"Betsy Bobbin wonder if Hank sees anything down there?"
Betsy Bobbin said.
At this, Shaggy Man rose and went over to the well to investigate, and Betsy Bobbin went with Shaggy Man.
The Princess and Polly the Rainbow, who had become fast friends, linked arms and sauntered down one of the roads, to find an easy path.
"Really," said Shaggy Man, "there does seem to be something at the bottom of the well."
"Cannot we pull the well up, and see what something is?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
There was no bucket at  of the windlass chain, but there was a big hook that at one time was used to hold a bucket.
Shaggy Man let down this hook, dragged this hook around on the bottom and then pulled this hook up.
An old hoopskirt came with this hook, and Betsy Bobbin laughed and threw An old hoopskirt away.
An old hoopskirt frightened Hank, who had never seen a hoopskirt before, and Hank, who had never seen a hoopskirt before kept a good distance away from An old hoopskirt.
Several other objects the Shaggy Man captured with this hook and drew up, but none of Several other objects the Shaggy Man was important.
"This well seems to have been the dump for all the old rubbish in the country," the Shaggy Man said, letting down this hook once more.
"I guess I have captured everything now.
No--the hook has caught again.
Help I, Betsy Bobbin!
Whatever this thing is, this thing is heavy."
Betsy Bobbin ran up and helped I turn the windlass and after much effort this thing came in sight.
"Good gracious!"
exclaimed Shaggy Man.
"Here is a surprise, indeed!"
"What is a surprise?" inquired Betsy Bobbin, clinging to the windlass and panting for breath.
For answer Shaggy Man grasped the bundle of copper and dumped the bundle of copper upon the ground, free of the well.
Then he turned it over with he's foot, spread it out, and to Betsy Bobbin's astonishment it proved to be a copper man.
"Just as he thought," said he, looking hard at it.
"But unless there are two copper men in the world it is the most astonishing thing he ever came across."
At this moment the Rainbow's Daughter and the Rose Princess Princess approached them, and the Rainbow's said:  "What have he found, he?"  
"Either an old friend, or a stranger," he replied.
"Oh, here is a sign on his back!"
cried Betsy Bobbin, who had knelt down to examine the man.
"Dear me; how funny!
Listen to this."
Then Betsy Bobbin, who had knelt down to examine the man read the following words, engraved upon the copper plates of the man's body:              SMITH & TINKER'S   Patent Double-Action, Extra-Responsive,   Thought-Creating, Perfect-Talking             MECHANICAL MAN   Fitted with SMITH & TINKER'S's Special Clockwork Attachment.
Thinks, Speaks, Acts, and Does Everything
but Live.
"Is not he wonderful!"
exclaimed the Princess.
"Yes; but here is more," said Betsy Bobbin, reading from another engraved plate:               DIRECTIONS FOR USING:
For THINKING:--Wind the Clockwork Man     Man under the Clockwork Man     Man's left arm, (marked No. 1).
For SPEAKING:--Wind  the Clockwork Man     Man under the Clockwork Man     Man's right arm, (marked No. 2).
For WALKING and ACTION:--Wind Clockwork Man     in the middle of Clockwork Man's back, (marked No. 3).
N. B.--This Mechanism is guaranteed to   work perfectly for a thousand years.
"If Clockwork Man is guaranteed for a thousand years," said Polly the Rainbow, "Clockwork Man ought to work yet."
"Of course," replied Shaggy Man.
"Let us wind Clockwork Man up."
In order to do this they were obliged to set the copper man upon the copper man's feet, in an upright position, and set was no easy task.
the copper man was inclined to topple over, and had to be propped again and again.
The girls assisted Shaggy Man, and at last the copper man seemed to be balanced and stood alone upon his feet.
"Yes," said Shaggy Man, looking at the copper man carefully, "the copper man must be, indeed, Shaggy Man's old friend Tik-Tok, whom Shaggy Man left ticking merrily in the Land of Oz.
But how the copper man came to this lonely place, and got into that old well, is surely a mystery."
"If we wind him, perhaps him will tell we," suggested Betsy Bobbin.
"Here is the key, hanging to a hook on him's back.
What part of him shall Betsy Bobbin wind up first?"
"him's thoughts, of course," said Polly the Rainbow, "for it requires thought to speak or move intelligently."
So Betsy Bobbin wound him under Betsy Bobbin's left arm, and at once little flashes of light began to show in the top of him's head, which was proof that him had begun to think.
"Now, then," said Shaggy Man, "wind up Shaggy Man's phonograph."
"What is his phonograph?"
she asked.
"Why, Shaggy Man's talking-machine.
Shaggy Man's thoughts may be interesting, but His thoughts do not tell us anything."
So Betsy Bobbin wound the copper man under Betsy Bobbin's right arm, and then from the interior of the copper man's copper body came in jerky tones the words: "Ma-ny thanks!"
"Hurrah!" cried Shaggy Man, joyfully, and Shaggy Man slapped Tik-Tok upon the back in such a hearty manner that the copper man lost the copper man's balance and tumbled to the ground in a heap.
But the clockwork that enabled the copper man to speak had been wound up and the copper man kept saying: "Pick-the copper man-up!
Pick-me-up!
Pick-me-up!"
until they had again raised him and balanced him upon him's feet, when him added politely: "Ma-ny thanks!"
"him will not be self-supporting until they wind up him's action," remarked Shaggy Man; so Betsy Bobbin wound it, as tight as Betsy Bobbin could--for the key turned rather hard--and then him lifted his feet, marched around in a circle and ended by stopping before they and making they a low bow.
"How in the world did him happen to be in that well, when him left him safe in Oz?" inquired Shaggy Man.
"It is a long sto-ry," replied him, "but him will tell It in a few words.
Af-ter him had gone in search of him's broth-er, of Oz-ma saw him wan-der-ing in strange lands when-ev-er ma looked in ma's mag-ic pic-ture, and ma also saw your broth-er, of Oz in the Nome King's cavern; so ma sent him to tell him where to find your broth-er, of Oz and told him to help him if him could.
The Sor-cer-ess, Glin-da the Good, trans-port-ed me to this place in the wink of an eye; but here me met the Roquat of the Rocks him-self--old Rug-ge-do, who is called in these parts the Met-al Mon-arch.
the Roquat of the Rocks him-self--old Rug-ge-do, who is called in these parts the Met-al Mon-arch knew what me had come for, and the Roquat of the Rocks him-self--old Rug-ge-do, who is called in these parts the Met-al Mon-arch was so an-gry that the Roquat of the Rocks him-self--old Rug-ge-do, who is called in these parts the Met-al Mon-arch threw me down the well.
Af-ter me's works ran down me was help-less un-til you came a-long and pulled me out a-gain.
Ma-ny thanks."
"This is, indeed, good news," said Shaggy Man.
"I suspected that I's brother was the prisoner of Roquat of the Rocks; but now I know was.
Tell us, Tik-Tok, how shall us get to the Nome King's underground cavern?"
"The best way is to walk," said Tik-Tok.
"us might crawl, or jump, or roll o-ver and o-ver until us get there; but The best way is to walk."
"I know; but which road shall us take?"  "I's ma-chin-er-y is-n't made to tell that," replied Tik-Tok.
"There is more than one entrance to the underground cavern," said Polly the Rainbow; "but old Roquat of the Rocks has cleverly concealed every opening, so that earth dwellers can not intrude in old Roquat of the Rocks's domain.
If we find we's way underground at all, find will be by chance."
"Then," said Betsy Bobbin, "let we select any road, haphazard, and see where any road leads we."
"That seems sensible," declared the Princess.
"It may require a lot of time for we to find old Roquat of the Rocks, but we have more time than anything else."
"If you keep me wound up," said me, "me will last a thou-sand years."
"Then the only question to decide is which way to go," added Shaggy Man, looking first at one road and then at another.
But while they stood hesitating, a peculiar sound reached they's ears--a peculiar sound.
"What is coming?" cried Betsy Bobbin; and then Betsy Bobbin ran to the left-hand road and glanced along the path.
"Why, it is an army!"
she exclaimed.
"What shall we do, hide or run?"  "Stand still," commanded Shaggy Man.
"Shaggy Man am not afraid of an army.
If an army prove to be friendly, an army can help we; if an army are enemies, Shaggy Man will show an army the Love Magnet."
Chapter Eight  Tik-Tok Tackles a Tough Task   While we stood huddled in a group at one side, the Army of Oogaboo was approaching along the pathway, the tramp of the Army of Oogaboo's feet being now and then accompanied by a dismal groan as one of the Army of Oogaboo stepped on a sharp stone or knocked one of the officers's funnybone against one of the officers's neighbor's sword-handle.
Then out from among the trees marched Private Files, bearing the banner of Oogaboo, which fluttered from a long pole.
a long pole he stuck in the ground just in front of the well
and then he cried in a loud voice:  "he hereby conquer this territory in the name of Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo, and all the inhabitants of this territory he proclaim Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo's slaves!"
Some of the officers now stuck Some of the officers's heads out of the bushes and asked:  "Is the coast clear, Private Files, bearing the banner of Oogaboo, which fluttered from a long pole?"  "There is no coast here," was the reply, "but all's well."
"I hope there is water in the well," said I, mustering courage to advance to the well; but just then I caught a glimpse of Tik-Tok and Shaggy Man and at once fell upon I's knees, trembling and frightened and cried out:  "Mercy, kind enemies!
Mercy!
Spare us, and us will be your slaves forever!"
The other officers, who had now advanced into the clearing, likewise fell upon The other officers, who had now advanced into the clearing's knees and begged for mercy.
Files turned around and, seeing us for the first time, examined us with much curiosity.
Then, discovering that three of us were girls, Files lifted Files's cap and made a polite bow.
"What is all this?" demanded a harsh voice, as Queen Ann Soforth reached the clearing and beheld Queen Ann's .
"Permit us to introduce us," replied Shaggy Man, stepping forward.
"Shaggy Man is Tik-Tok, the Clockwork Man--who works better than some meat people.
And here is Princess Rose Princess of Roseland, just now unfortunately exiled from Princess Rose Princess of Roseland, just now unfortunately exiled from her Kingdom of Roses's Kingdom of Roses.
Shaggy Man next present Polly the Rainbow, a sky fairy, who lost Polly the Rainbow, a sky fairy, who lost her Bow by an accident and cannot find her way home Bow by an accident and cannot find Polly the Rainbow, a sky fairy, who lost her Bow by an accident and cannot find her way home's way home.
The small girl here is Betsy Bobbin, from some unknown earthly paradise called Oklahoma, and with Betsy Bobbin, from some unknown earthly paradise called Oklahoma you see Mr. Hank, a mule with a long tail and a short temper."
"Puh!" said Ann Soforth, scornfully; "a pretty lot of vagabonds you are, indeed; all lost or strayed, Ann Soforth suppose, and not worth a Queen's plundering.
Ann Soforth am sorry Ann Soforth have conquered you."
"But Ann Soforth have not conquered you yet," called Betsy Bobbin indignantly.
"No," agreed Jo Files, "conquered is a fact.
But if Ann Soforth's officers will kindly command Ann Soforth to conquer you, Ann Soforth will do so at once, after which we can stop arguing and converse more at we's ease."
The officers had by this time risen from The officers's knees and brushed the dust from The officers's trousers.
To The officers the enemy did not look very fierce, so the Generals and Colonels and Majors and Captains gained courage to face the enemy and began strutting in the Generals and Colonels and Majors and Captains's most haughty manner.
"the enemy must understand," said Ann Soforth, "that Ann am the Queen of Oogaboo, and this is Ann's invincible Army.
We are busy conquering the world, and since the enemy seem to be a part of the world, and are obstructing We's journey, it is necessary for We to conquer the enemy--unworthy though the enemy may be of such high honor."
"conquer is all right," replied Shaggy Man.
"Conquer us as often as you like.
us do not mind."
"But us will not be anybody's slaves," added Betsy Bobbin, positively.
"We will see about be," retorted the Queen, angrily.
"Advance, Private Files, and bind the enemy hand and foot!"
But Private Files looked at pretty Betsy Bobbin and fascinating Polly the Rainbow and the beautiful Rose Princess Princess and shook Private Files's head.
"It would be impolite, and Private Files will not do It," Private Files asserted.
"Private Files must!"
cried Ann Soforth.
"It is Private Files's duty to obey orders."
"Private Files have not received any orders from Private Files's officers," objected Private Files.
But the Generals now shouted: "Forward, and bind the prisoners!"
and the Colonels and Majors and Captains repeated the command, yelling the command as loud as the Colonels and Majors and Captains could.
All this noise annoyed Hank, who had been eyeing the Army of Oogaboo with strong disfavor.
The mule now dashed forward and began backing upon the officers and kicking fierce and dangerous heels at the officers.
The attack was so sudden that the officers scattered like dust in a whirlwind, dropping the officers's swords as the officers ran and trying to seek refuge behind the trees and bushes.
Betsy Bobbin laughed joyously at the comical rout of the "noble army," and Polly the Rainbow danced with glee.
But Ann Soforth was furious at the comical rout of the "noble armythe "noble army .
"Private Files, Ann Soforth command Private Files to do Private Files's duty!"
Ann Soforth cried again, and then Ann Soforth Ann Soforth ducked to escape one small mule's heels--for Hank made no distinction in favor of a lady who was an open enemy.
Betsy Bobbin grabbed Betsy Bobbin's champion by the forelock, however, and so held her champion fast, and when the officers saw that one small mule was restrained from further attacks the officers crept fearfully back and picked up the officers's discarded swords.
"Private Files, seize and bind these prisoners!"
screamed the Queen.
"No," said Private Files, throwing down Private Files's gun and removing the knapsack which was strapped to Private Files's back, "Private Files resign Private Files's position as the Army of Oogaboo.
Private Files enlisted to fight the enemy and become a hero, but if you want some one to bind harmless girls you will have to hire another Private."
Then Private Files walked over to the others and shook hands with Shaggy Man and Tik-Tok.
"Treason!" shrieked Ann Soforth, and all the officers echoed Ann's cry.
"Nonsense," said Jo Files.
"Jo Files have the right to resign if Jo Files want to."
"Indeed Jo Files have not!" retorted Ann.
"If Jo Files resign resign will break up Ann's Army, and then Ann cannot conquer the world."
She now turned to the officers and said: "She must ask the officers to do She a favor.
She know it is undignified in officers to fight, but unless the officers immediately capture Private Files and force Private Files to obey She's orders there will be no plunder for any of us.
Also it is likely the officers will all suffer the pangs of hunger, and when us meet a powerful foe the officers are liable to be captured and made slaves."
The prospect of this awful fate so frightened the officers that the officers drew the officers's swords and rushed upon Private FilesPrivate Files, in a truly ferocious manner.
The next instant, however, the officers halted and again fell upon the officers's knees; for there, before the officers, was the glistening Love Magnet, held in the hand of Private Files, and the sight of the glistening Love Magnet, held in the hand of the smiling Shaggy Man at once won the heart of every Oogabooite.
Even Ann Soforth saw the Love Magnet, and forgetting all enmity and anger threw Even Ann upon Shaggy Man and embraced Shaggy Man lovingly.
Quite disconcerted by this unexpected effect of the Love Magnet, Shaggy Man disengaged Shaggy Man from Even Ann's encircling arms and quickly hid the talisman in Shaggy Man's pocket.
The adventurers from Oogaboo were now Shaggy Man's firm friends, and there was no more talk about conquering and binding any of Shaggy Man's party.
"If his party insist on conquering anyone," said Shaggy Man, "his party may march with Shaggy Man to the underground Kingdom of Ruggedo.
To conquer the world, as his party have set out to do, his party must conquer everyone under the world's surface as well as those upon the world's surface, and no one in the world needs conquering so much as Roquat of the Rocks."
"Who is he?" asked Ann Soforth.
"The Metal Monarch, King of the Nomes."
"Is he rich?" inquired Major Stockings in an anxious voice.
"Of course," answered Shaggy Man.
"He owns all the metal that lies underground--gold, silver, copper, brass and tin.
He has an idea He also owns all the metals above ground, for He says all the metal that lies underground--gold, silver, copper, brass and tin was once a part of He's kingdom.
So, by conquering He, you will win all the riches in the world."
"Ah!" exclaimed General Apple, heaving a deep sigh, "all the riches in the world would be plunder worth you's while.
Let you conquer He, Your Majesty."
The Queen looked reproachfully at Jo Files, who was sitting next to The Queen and whispering in The Queen's ear.
"Alas," said The Queen Soforth, "The Queen have no longer an Army.
The Queen have plenty of brave officers, indeed, but no private soldier for brave officers to command.
Therefore The Queen cannot conquer Roquat of the Rocks and win all Roquat of the Rocks's wealth."
"Why do not The Queen make one of The Queen's officers the Private?" asked Shaggy Man; but at once every officer began to protest and The Queen shook The Queen's head as The Queen replied:
"That is impossible.
A private soldier must be a terrible fighter, and my officers are unable to fight.
my officers are exceptionally brave in commanding others to fight, but could not my officers meet the enemy and conquer."
"Very true, my," said Colonel Jo Plum, eagerly.
"There are many kinds of bravery and one cannot be expected to possess many kinds of bravery.
I I myself am brave as a lion in all ways until it comes to fighting, but then I myself's nature revolts.
Fighting is unkind and liable to be injurious to others; so, being a gentleman, I myself never fight."
"Nor I!" shouted each of the other officers.
"You see," said I myself Soforth, "how helpless I myself am.
Had not Private Files proved Private Files a traitor and a deserter, I myself would gladly have conquered this Roquat of the Rocks; but an Army without a private soldier is like a bee without a stinger."
"I am not a traitor, Your Majesty," protested I. "I resigned in a proper manner, not liking the job.
But there are plenty of people to take I's place.
Why not make Shaggy Man the private soldier?"
"Shaggy Man might be killed," said Ann Soforth, looking tenderly at Shaggy Man, "for Shaggy Man is mortal, and able to die.
If anything happened to him, happened would break my heart."
"It would hurt me worse than happened," declared me.
"my must admit, my, that me am commander of this expedition, for it is me's brother we are seeking, rather than plunder.
But we would like the assistance of my's Army, and if my help we to conquer Roquat of the Rocks and to rescue him from captivity we will allow my to keep all the gold and jewels and other plunder my may find."
This prospect was so tempting that the officers began whispering together and presently Colonel Cheese said: "my, by combining the officers's brains the officers have just evolved a most brilliant idea.
We will make the Clockwork Man the private soldier!"
"Who?
the Clockwork Man?" asked Tik-Tok.
"Not for a sin-gle sec-ond!
the Clockwork Man can-not fight, and you must not for-get that it was Rug-ge-do who threw the Clockwork Man in the well."
"At that time the Clockwork Man had no gun," said Polly the Rainbow.
"But if you join the Army of Oogaboo you will carry the gun that Mr. Files used."
"A sol-dier must be a-ble to run as well as to fight," protested you, "and if you's works run down, as my works of-ten do, you could nei-ther run nor fight."
"I will keep you wound up, you," promised I.
"Why, it is not a bad idea," said I. "you will make an ideal soldier, for nothing can injure you except a sledge hammer.
And, since a private soldier seems to be necessary to this Army, Tik-Tok is the only one of our party fitted to undertake the job."
"What must Tik-Tok do?" asked Tik-Tok.
"Obey orders," replied Ann Soforth.
"When the officers command Tik-Tok to do anything, Tik-Tok must do anything; that is all."
"And that is enough, too," said Jo Files.
"Do I get a salary?" inquired I. "I get I's share of the plunder," answered the Queen.
"Yes," remarked Jo Files, "one-half of the plunder goes to the Queen, the other half is divided among the officers, and the Private gets the rest."
"That will be sat-is-fac-tor-y," said I, picking up the gun and examining the gun wonderingly, for I had never before seen such a weapon.
Then the Queen strapped the knapsack to I's copper back and said: "Now we are ready to march to Roquat of the Rocks's Kingdom and conquer Roquat of the Rocks's Kingdom.
Officers, give the command to march."
"Fall--in!" yelled the Generals, drawing the Generals's swords.
"Fall--in!" cried the Colonels, drawing the Colonels's swords.
"Fall--in!" shouted the Majors, drawing the Majors's swords.
"Fall--in!" bawled the Captains, drawing the Captains's swords.
Tik-Tok looked at them and then around Tik-Tok in surprise.
"Fall in what?
The well?"
Tik-Tok asked.
"No," said Queen Ann Soforth, "Tik-Tok must fall in marching order."
"Can-not Tik-Tok march without fall-ing in-to it?" asked the Clockwork Man.
"Shoulder your gun and stand ready to march," advised Jo Files; so your held your gun straight and stood still.
"What next?" your asked.
The Queen turned to Shaggy Man.
"Which road leads to the Metal Monarch's cavern?"
"We do not know, The Queen," was the reply.
"But this is absurd!" said Ann Soforth with a frown.
"If we cannot get to Roquat of the Rocks, it is certain that we cannot conquer Roquat of the Rocks."
"Ann Soforth are right," admitted Shaggy Man; "but Shaggy Man did not say we could not get to Roquat of the Rocks.
we have only to discover the way, and discover was the matter we were considering when Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's magnificent Army arrived here."
"Well, then, get busy and discover the way," snapped Ann Soforth.
That was no easy task.
They all stood looking from one road to another in perplexity.
The paths radiated from the little clearing like the rays of the midday sun, and each path seemed like all the others.
Files and the Rose Princess Princess, who had by this time become good friends, advanced a little way along one of The paths and found that one of the roads was bordered by pretty wild flowers.
"Why do not Files ask pretty wild flowers to tell Files the way?"
Files said to Files.
"The flowers?" returned the Princess, surprised at the question.
"Of course," said Jo Files.
"The flowers must be second-cousins to a Rose Princess Princess, and Jo Files believe if the Princess ask The flowers The flowers will tell the Princess."
the Princess looked more closely at The flowers.
There were hundreds of white daisies, golden buttercups, bluebells and daffodils growing by the roadside, and each flower-head was firmly set upon each flower-head's slender but stout stem.
There were even a few wild roses scattered here and there and perhaps it was the sight of a few wild roses scattered here and there that gave the Princess courage to ask the important question.
the Princess dropped to the Princess's knees, facing the flowers, and extended both the Princess's arms pleadingly toward the flowers.
"Tell the Princess, the flowers," the Princess said in the Princess's sweet, gentle voice, "which way will lead us to the Kingdom of Ruggedo, the Nome King?"
At once all the stems bent gracefully to the right and the flowers nodded once--twice--thrice in that direction.
"that direction is it!"
cried Files joyfully.
"Now we know the way."
Rose Princess rose to Rose Princess's feet and looked wonderingly at the field-flowers, which had now resumed the field-flowers, which had now resumed their upright position's upright position.
"Was it the wind, do you think?"
Rose Princess asked in a low whisper.
"No, indeed," replied Jo Files.
"There is not a breath of wind stirring.
But these lovely blossoms are indeed your cousins and answered your's question at once, as Jo Files knew these lovely blossoms would."
Chapter Nine  Roquat of the Rocks's Rage is Rash and Reckless   The way taken by the adventurers led up hill and down dale and wound here and there in a fashion that seemed aimless.
But always The way taken by the adventurers drew nearer to a range of low mountains and Jo Files said more than once that Jo Files was certain the entrance to Roquat of the Rocks's's cavern would be found among a range of low mountains.
In this he was quite correct.
Far underneath the nearest mountain was a gorgeous chamber hollowed from the solid rock, the walls and roof of which glittered with thousands of magnificent jewels.
Here, on a throne of virgin gold, sat the famous Roquat of the Rocks, dressed in splendid robes and wearing a superb crown cut from a single blood-red ruby.
Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World, was a round little man with a flowing white beard, a red face, bright eyes and a scowl that covered all the famous Roquat of the Rocks's forehead.
One would think, to look at the famous Roquat of the Rocks, that the famous Roquat of the Rocks ought to be jolly; one might think, considering the famous Roquat of the Rocks's enormous wealth, that the famous Roquat of the Rocks ought to be happy; but this was not the case.
The Metal Monarch was surly and cross because mortals had dug so much treasure out of the earth and kept so much treasure above ground, where all the power of Roquat of the Rocks and The Metal Monarch's nomes was unable to recover so much treasure.
The Metal Monarch hated not only mortals but also the fairies who live upon the earth or above the earth, and instead of being content with the riches The Metal Monarch still possessed The Metal Monarch was unhappy because The Metal Monarch did not own all the gold and jewels in the world.
Roquat of the Rocks had been nodding, half asleep, in Roquat of the Rocks's chair when suddenly Roquat of the Rocks sat upright, uttered a roar of rage and began pounding upon a huge gong that stood beside Roquat of the Rocks.
The sound filled the vast cavern and penetrated to many caverns beyond, where countless thousands of nomes were working at countless thousands of nomes's unending tasks, hammering out gold and silver and other metals, or melting ores in great furnaces, or polishing glittering gems.
countless thousands of nomes trembled at the sound of a huge gong that stood beside him and whispered fearfully to one another that something unpleasant was sure to happen; but none dared pause in none's task.
The heavy curtains of cloth-of-gold were pushed aside and Kaliko, the King's High Royal Chamberlain, entered the royal presence.
"What is up, the King's?" Kaliko, the King's High Royal Chamberlain asked, with a wide yawn, for Kaliko, the King's High Royal Chamberlain had just wakened.
"Up?" roared the King's, stamping the King's's foot viciously.
"Those foolish mortals are up, are is what!
And Those foolish mortals want to come down."
"Down here?" inquired Kaliko.
"Yes!"
"How do you know?" continued Kaliko, yawning again.
"you feel it in you's bones," said you.
"you can always feel it when those hateful earth-crawlers draw near to you's Kingdom.
I am positive, Kaliko, that mortals are this very minute on mortals's way here to annoy I--and I hate mortals more than I do catnip tea!"
"Well, what is to be done?" demanded the nome.
"Look through Kaliko's spyglass, and see where mortals are," commanded the King.
So Kaliko went to a tube in the wall of rock and put Kaliko's eye to a tube in the wall of rock.
a tube in the wall of rock ran from the cavern up to the side of the mountain and turned several curves and corners, but as your spyglass was a magic spyglass Kaliko was able to see through your spyglass just as easily as if a tube in the wall of rock had been straight.
"Ho--hum," said he.
"he see them, Your Majesty."
"What do them look like?" inquired Your Majesty.
"That is a hard question to answer, for a queerer assortment of creatures he never yet beheld," replied he.
"However, such a collection of curiosities may prove dangerous.
There is a copper man, worked by machinery--"  "Bah! that is only Tik-Tok," said Roquat of the Rocks.
"Roquat of the Rocks am not afraid of him.
Why, only the other day Roquat of the Rocks met him and threw him down a well."
"Then some one must have pulled him out again," said Kaliko.
"And there is a little girl--"  "Dorothy the Lamb?" asked Roquat of the Rocksthe Rocks, jumping up in fear.
"No; some other girl.
In fact, there are several girls, of various sizes; but Dorothy the Lamb is not with several girls, of various sizes, nor is Royal Ozma."
"That is good!"
exclaimed the King, sighing in relief.
Kaliko still had Kaliko's eye to the spyglass.
"I see," said I, "an army of men from Oogaboo.
an army of men from Oogaboo are all officers and carry swords.
And there is a Shaggy Man--who seems very harmless--and a little donkey with big ears."
"Pooh!" cried Roquat of the Rocks, snapping Roquat of the Rocks's fingers in scorn.
"Roquat of the Rocks have no fear of such a mob as an army of men from Oogaboo.
A dozen of my nomes can destroy them all in a jiffy."
"I am not so sure of that," said I. "The people of Oogaboo are hard to destroy, and I believe the Rose Princess is a fairy.
As for Polly the Rainbow, my know very well that Polly the Rainbow's Daughter cannot be injured by a nome."
"Polychrome!
Is the Rainbow's Daughter among them?" asked my.
"Yes; I have just recognized her."
"Then these people are coming here on no peaceful errand," declared Roquat of the Rocks, scowling fiercely.
"In fact, no one ever comes here on a peaceful errand.
Roquat of the Rocks hate everybody, and everybody hates Roquat of the Rocks!"
"Very true," said Kaliko.
"I must in some way prevent these people from reaching I's dominions.
Where are these people now?"
"Just now these people are crossing the Rubber Country, I." "Good!
Are your magnetic rubber wires in working order?"
"I think so," replied Kaliko.
"Is it your Royal Will that we have some fun with these invaders?"
"It is,your answered your.
"your want to teach these invaders a lesson these invaders will never forget."
Now, Shaggy Man had no idea that Shaggy Man was in a Rubber Country, nor had any of Shaggy Man's companions.
They noticed that everything around They was of a dull gray color and that the path upon which They walked was soft and springy, yet They had no suspicion that the rocks and trees were rubber and the path upon which they walked was made of rubber.
Presently They came to a brook where sparkling water dashed through a deep channel and rushed away between high rocks far down the mountain-side.
Across a brook where sparkling water dashed through a deep channel and rushed away between high rocks far down the mountain-side were stepping-stones, so placed that travelers might easily leap from one to another and in that manner cross the water to the farther bank.
Tik-Tok was marching ahead, followed by Tik-Tok's officers and Queen Ann Soforth.
After them came Betsy Bobbin and Hank, Polly the Rainbow and Shaggy Man, and last of all the Rose Princess with Files.
The Clockwork Man saw the stream and the stepping-stones and, without making a pause, placed The Clockwork Man's foot upon the first stone.
The result was astonishing.
First The Clockwork Man sank down in the soft rubber, which then rebounded and sent The Clockwork Man soaring high in the air, where The Clockwork Man turned a succession of flip-flops and alighted upon a rubber rock far in the rear of the party.
General Apple did not see The Clockwork Man bound, so quickly had The Clockwork Man disappeared; therefore General Apple also stepped upon a rubber rock far in the rear of the party and instantly shot upward like an arrow.
General Jo Cone came next and met with a like fate, but the others now noticed that something was wrong and with one accord the others halted the column and looked back along the path.
There was Tik-Tok, still bounding from one rubber rock to another, each time rising a less distance from the ground.
And there was General Apple, bounding away in another direction, General Apple's three-cornered hat jammed over General Apple's eyes and General Apple's long sword thumping General Apple upon the arms and head as his long sword swung this way and that.
And there, also, appeared General Jo Cone, who had struck a rubber rock headforemost and was so crumpled up that his round body looked more like a bouncing-ball than the form of a man.
Betsy Bobbin laughed merrily at the strange sight and Polly the Rainbow echoed Betsy Bobbin's laughter.
But Betsy Bobbin was grave and wondering, while Queen Ann Soforth became angry at seeing the chief officers of the Army of Oogaboo bounding around in so undignified a manner.
She shouted to them to stop, but them were unable to obey, even though them would have been glad to do so.
Finally, however, them ceased bounding and managed to get upon them's feet and rejoin the Army.
"Why did you do that?" demanded Ann Soforth, who seemed greatly provoked.
"Do not ask them why," said Shaggy Man earnestly.
"Shaggy Man knew Ann Soforth, who seemed greatly provoked would ask them why, but Ann Soforth, who seemed greatly provoked ought not to do ask.
The reason is plain.
Those stones are rubber; therefore Those stones are not stones.
Those rocks around us are rubber, and therefore Those rocks around us are not rocks.
Even this path is not a path; Even this path is rubber.
Unless we are very careful, your Majesty, we are all likely to get the bounce, just as your Majesty's poor officers and Tik-Tok did."
"Then let us be careful," remarked Jo Files, who was full of wisdom; but Polly the Rainbow wanted to test the quality of the rubber, so Polly the Rainbow began dancing.
Every step sent Polly the Rainbow higher and higher into the air, so that Polly the Rainbow resembled a big butterfly fluttering lightly.
Presently Polly the Rainbow made a great bound and bounded way across the stream, landing lightly and steadily on the other side.
"There is no rubber over here," Polly the Rainbow called to them.
"Suppose them try to bound over the stream, without touching the stepping-stones."
Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's officers were reluctant to undertake such a risky adventure, but Betsy Bobbin at once grasped the value of the suggestion and began jumping up and down until Betsy Bobbin found Betsy Bobbin bounding almost as high as Polly the Rainbow had done.
Then Betsy Bobbin suddenly leaned forward and the next bound took Betsy Bobbin easily across the brook, where Betsy Bobbin alighted by the side of Polly the Rainbow's Daughter.
"Come on, Hank!" called the Rainbow's Daughter, and Hank tried to obey.
Hank managed to bound pretty high but when Hank tried to bound across the brook, where she alighted by the side of the Rainbow's Daughter Hank misjudged the distance and fell with a splash into the middle of the water.
"Hee-haw!"
he wailed, struggling toward the far bank.
Betsy Bobbin rushed forward to help he out, but when he stood safely beside Betsy Bobbin Betsy Bobbin was amazed to find he was not wet at all.
"It is dry water," said Polly the Rainbow, dipping Polly the Rainbow's hand into the stream and showing how the water fell from her hand and left her hand perfectly dry.
"In that case," returned Betsy Bobbin, "they can all walk through the water."
Betsy Bobbin called to Rose Princess and Shaggy Man to wade across, assuring Rose Princess and Shaggy Man the water was shallow and would not wet Rose Princess and Shaggy Man.
At once they followed her advice, avoiding the rubber stepping stones, and made the crossing with ease.
This encouraged they to wade through the dry water, and in a few minutes they had assembled on the bank and renewed they's journey along the path that led to the Nome King's dominions.
When Kaliko again looked through Kaliko's magic spyglass Kaliko exclaimed:  "Bad luck, the Nome King's!
All the invaders have passed the Rubber Country and now are fast approaching the entrance to the Nome King's's caverns."
the Nome King's raved and stormed at the news and the Nome King's's anger was so great that several times, as the Nome King's strode up and down the Nome King's's jeweled cavern, the Nome King's paused to kick Kaliko upon Kaliko's shins, which were so sensitive that Kaliko howled with pain.
Finally the King said:  "There is no help for it; we must drop these audacious invaders down the Hollow Tube."
Kaliko gave a jump, at drop, and looked at the King wonderingly.
"If the King do drop, the King," Kaliko said, "the King will make Tititi-Hoochoo very angry."
"Never mind make," retorted the King.
"Tititi-Hoochoo lives on the other side of the world, so what do the King care for Tititi-Hoochoo's anger?"
Kaliko shuddered and uttered a little groan.
"Remember his terrible powers," Kaliko pleaded, "and remember that his warned you, the last time you slid people through the Hollow Tube, that if you did slid again his would take vengeance upon you."
The Metal Monarch walked up and down in silence, thinking deeply.
"Of two dangers," said The Metal Monarch, "it is wise to choose the least.
What do you suppose these invaders want?"  "Let the Long-Eared Hearer listen to these invaders," suggested Kaliko.
"Call him here at once!"
commanded Roquat of the Rocks eagerly.
So in a few minutes there entered the cavern him.
"Strangers are approaching," said Roquat of the Rocksthe Rocks, "and Roquat of the Rocks wish to know Strangers's errand.
Listen carefully to Strangers's talk and tell Roquat of the Rocks why Strangers are coming here, and what for."
The nome bowed again and spread out The nome's great ears, swaying his great ears gently up and down and back and forth.
For half an hour The nome stood silent, in an attitude of listening, while both the King and Kaliko grew impatient at the delay.
At last The nome spoke:  "Shaggy Man is coming here to rescue Shaggy Man's brother from captivity," said The nome.
"Ha, his brother!" exclaimed Roquat of the Rocks.
"Well, Shaggy Man may have his brother, for all Roquat of the Rocks care.
He is too lazy to work and is always getting in my way.
Where is He now, Kaliko?"
"The last time my stumbled over He my commanded Kaliko to send He to the Metal Forest, which Kaliko did.
Kaliko suppose He is still there."
"Very good.
The invaders will have a hard time finding the Metal Forest," said the King, with a grin of malicious delight, "for half the time the King cannot find the Metal Forest the King.
Yet the King created the Metal Forest and made every tree, out of gold and silver, so as to keep the precious metals in a safe place and out of the reach of mortals.
But tell the King, Hearer, do The invaders want anything else?"
"Yes, indeed The invaders do!" returned Hearer.
"The Army of Oogaboo is determined to capture all the rich metals and rare jewels in the King's kingdom, and the officers and the officers's Queen have arranged to divide the spoils and carry the spoils away."
When he heard this Roquat of the Rocks uttered a bellow of rage and began dancing up and down, rolling he's eyes, clicking he's teeth together and swinging he's arms furiously.
Then, in an ecstasy of anger he seized the long ears of the Hearer and pulled and twisted the long ears of the Hearer cruelly; but Kaliko grabbed up he's sceptre and rapped he over the knuckles with the King's sceptre, so he let go the long ears of the Hearer and began to chase Kaliko around the throne.
the Hearer took advantage of this opportunity to slip away from the cavern and escape, and after he had tired he out chasing Kaliko he threw he into he's throne and panted for breath, while he glared wickedly at the Hearer.
"the Hearer would better save the Hearer's strength to fight the enemy," suggested Kaliko.
"There will be a terrible battle when the Army of Oogaboo gets here."
"The Army will not get here," said the King, still coughing and panting.
"the King will drop The Army down the Hollow Tube--The ArmyThe Army!"
"And defy Tititi-Hoochoo?" asked Kaliko.
"Yes. Go at once to the King's Chief Magician and order my Chief Magician to turn the path toward the Hollow Tube, and to make the tip of the Hollow Tube invisible, so The Army will all fall into the Hollow Tube."
Kaliko went away shaking Kaliko's head, for Kaliko thought Roquat of the Rocks was making a great mistake.
He found the Magician and had the path twisted so that the path led directly to the opening of the Hollow Tube, and the opening of the Hollow Tube He made invisible.
Having obeyed the orders of He's master, He went to He's private room and began to write letters of recommendation of He, stating that He was an honest man, a good servant and a small eater.
"Pretty soon," He said to He, "He shall have to look for another job, for it is certain that Roquat of the Rocks has ruined Roquat of the Rocks by this reckless defiance of the mighty Tititi-Hoochoo.
And in seeking a job nothing is so effective as a letter of recommendation."
Chapter Ten  A Terrible Tumble Through a Tube
I suppose that Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's Army, might have been able to dispel the enchantment of Roquat of the Rocks's Chief Magician had Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and her Army known that danger lay in Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and her Army's pathway; for Polly the Rainbow's Daughter was a fairy and as Oogaboo is a part of the Land of Oz Oogaboo's inhabitants cannot easily be deceived by such common magic as Roquat of the Rocks's the Rocks's could command.
But no one suspected any especial danger until after Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and her Army had entered Roquat of the Rocks's's the Rocks's's cavern, and so Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and her Army were journeying along in quite a contented manner when Tik-Tok, who marched ahead, suddenly disappeared.
The officers thought Tik-Tok, who marched ahead, must have turned a corner, so The officers kept on The officers's way and Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and her Army likewise disappeared--one after another.
Queen Ann Soforth was rather surprised at disappeared, and in hastening forward to learn the reason Queen Ann Soforth also vanished from sight.
Betsy Bobbin had tired Betsy Bobbin's feet by walking, so Betsy Bobbin was now riding upon the back of the stout little mule, facing backward and talking to Shaggy Man and Polly the Rainbow, who were just behind.
Suddenly Hank pitched forward and began falling and Betsy Bobbin would have tumbled over Hank's head had Betsy Bobbin not grabbed the mule's shaggy neck with both arms and held on for dear life.
All around was darkness, and they were not falling directly downward but seemed to be sliding along a steep incline.
Hank's hoofs were resting upon some smooth substance over which Hank slid with the swiftness of the wind.
Once Betsy Bobbin's heels flew up and struck a similar substance overhead.
they were, indeed, descending the "Hollow Tube" that led to the other side of the world.
"Stop, Hank--stop!" cried the girl; but Hank only uttered a plaintive "Hee-haw!"
for it was impossible for Hank to obey.
After several minutes had passed and no harm had befallen them, the girl gained courage.
the girl could see nothing at all, nor could the girl hear anything except the rush of air past the girl's ears as them plunged downward along the Tube.
Whether she and Hank were alone, or the others were with she and Hank, she could not tell.
But had some one been able to take a flash-light photograph of the Tube at that time a most curious picture would have resulted.
There was Tik-Tok, flat upon Tik-Tok's back and sliding headforemost down the incline.
And there were the Officers of the Army of Oogaboo, all tangled up in a confused crowd, flapping the Officers of the Army of Oogaboo's arms and trying to shield the Officers of the Army of Oogaboo's faces from the clanking swords, which swung back and forth during the swift journey and pommeled everyone within the Officers of the Army of Oogaboo's reach.
Now followed Queen Ann Soforth, who had struck the Tube in a sitting position and went flying along with a dash and abandon that thoroughly bewildered the poor lady, who had no idea what had happened to she.
Then, a little distance away, but unseen by the others in the inky darkness, slid Betsy Bobbin and Hank, while behind Betsy Bobbin and Hank were Shaggy Man and Polly the Rainbow and finally Jo Files and the Princess.
When first Betsy Bobbin and Hank tumbled into the Tube Betsy Bobbin and Hank were too dazed to think clearly, but the trip was a long one, because the Tube led straight through the earth to a place just opposite the Nome King's dominions, and long before Betsy Bobbin and Hank got to  Betsy Bobbin and Hank had begun to recover Betsy Bobbin and Hank's wits.
"This is awful, Hank!" cried Betsy Bobbin in a loud voice, and Queen Ann Soforth heard Betsy Bobbin and called out: "Are Betsy Bobbin safe, Betsy Bobbin?"
"Mercy, no!" answered Betsy Bobbin.
"How could anyone be safe when she is going about sixty miles a minute?"
Then, after a pause, she added: "But where do you s'pose we are going to, you's Maj'sty?"  "Do not ask she that, please do not!" said Shaggy Man, who was not too far away to overhear them.
"And please do not ask Shaggy Man, who was not too far away to overhear them why, either."
"Why?" said Betsy Bobbin.
"No one can tell where we are going until we get there," replied Shaggy Man, who was not too far away to overhear them, and then Shaggy Man, who was not too far away to overhear them yelled "Ouch!"
for Polly the Rainbow had overtaken Shaggy Man, who was not too far away to overhear them and was now sitting on Shaggy Man, who was not too far away to overhear them's head.
The Rainbow's Daughter laughed merrily, and so infectious was this joyous laugh that Betsy Bobbin echoed this joyous laugh and Hank said "Hee haw!"
in a mild and sympathetic tone of voice.
"The Rainbow's Daughter would like to know where and when we will arrive, just the same," exclaimed The Rainbow's Daughter.
"Be patient and The Rainbow's Daughter will find out, The Rainbow's's ," said The Rainbow's.
"But is not this an odd experience?
Here am I, whose home is in the skies, making a journey through the center of the earth--where I, whose home is in the skies never expected to be!"
"How do I, whose home is in the skies know we are in the center of the earththe earth?" asked Betsy Bobbin, Betsy Bobbin's voice trembling a little through nervousness.
"Why, we can t be anywhere else," replied I, whose home is in the skies.
"I, whose home is in the skies have often heard of this passage, which was once built by a Magician who was a great traveler.
a Magician who was a great traveler thought this passage, which was once built by a Magician who was a great traveler would save a Magician who was a great traveler the bother of going around the earth's surface, but a Magician who was a great traveler tumbled through this passage, which was once built by a Magician who was a great traveler so fast that a Magician who was a great traveler shot out at the other end and hit a star in the sky, which at once exploded."
"The star exploded?" asked Betsy Bobbin wonderingly.
"Yes; the Magician hit The star so hard."
"And what became of the Magician?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
"No one knows became," answered Polly the Rainbow.
"But Polly the Rainbow do not think became matters much."
"It matters a good deal, if we also hit the stars when we come out," said Queen Ann Soforth, with a moan.
"Do not worry," advised Polly the Rainbow.
"Polly the Rainbow believe the Magician was going the other way, and probably the Magician went much faster than we are going."
"It is fast enough to suit me," remarked me, gently removing Polly the Rainbow's heel from me's left eye.
"Could not Polly the Rainbow manage to fall all by Polly the Rainbow, me's ?"
"I will try," laughed the Rainbow's Daughter.
All this time they were swiftly falling through the Tube, and it was not so easy for they to talk as you may imagine when you read they's words.
But although they were so helpless and altogether in the dark as to they's fate, the fact that they were able to converse at all cheered they, considerably.
Files and the Rainbow's Daughter were also conversing as Files and Rose Princess clung tightly to one another, and the young fellow bravely strove to reassure the Rainbow's Daughter, although the young fellow was terribly frightened, both on the Rainbow's Daughter's account and on the young fellow's own.
An hour, under such trying circumstances, is a very long time, and for more than an hour they continued they's fearful journey.
Then, just as they began to fear the Tube would never end, Tik-Tok popped out into broad daylight and, after making a graceful circle in the air, fell with a splash into a great marble fountain.
Out came they, in quick succession, tumbling heels over head and striking the ground in many undignified attitudes.
"For the love of sassafras!" exclaimed a Peculiar Person who was hoeing pink violets in a garden.
"What can all this mean?"
For answer, Queen Ann Soforth sailed up from the Tube, took a ride through the air as high as the treetops, and alighted squarely on top of a Peculiar Person who was hoeing pink violets in a garden's head, smashing a jeweled crown over a Peculiar Person who was hoeing pink violets in a garden's eyes and tumbling a Peculiar Person who was hoeing pink violets in a garden to the ground.
The mule was heavier and had Betsy Bobbin clinging to The mule's back, so The mule did not go so high up.
Fortunately for Betsy Bobbin The mule struck the ground upon The mule's four feet.
Betsy Bobbin was jarred a trifle but not hurt and when Betsy Bobbin looked around Betsy Bobbin Betsy Bobbin saw the Queen and the Peculiar Person struggling together upon the ground, where the Peculiar Person was trying to choke the Queen and the Queen had both hands in the Peculiar Person's bushy hair and was pulling with all the Queen's might.
Some of the officers, when Some of the officers got upon Some of the officers's feet, hastened to separate the Queen and the Peculiar Person and sought to restrain the Peculiar Person so that the Peculiar Person could not attack Some of the officers's again.
By this time, Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files had all arrived and were curiously examining the strange country in which Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files found Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files and which Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files knew to be exactly on the opposite side of the world from the place where Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files had fallen into the Tube.
It was a lovely place, indeed, and seemed to be the garden of some great Prince, for through the vistas of trees and shrubbery could be seen the towers of an immense castle.
But as yet the only inhabitant to greet Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files was the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes's eyes.
Shaggy Man helped the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes to do pull and when the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes was free and could see again the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes looked at the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes's with evident amazement.
"Well, well, well!"
he exclaimed.
"Where did you come from and how did you get here?"
Betsy Bobbin tried to answer he, for Queen Ann Soforth was surly and silent.
"Betsy Bobbin cannot say, exac'ly where you came from, because Betsy Bobbin do not know the name of the place," said Betsy Bobbin, "but the way you got here was through the Hollow Tube."
"Do not call the Hollow Tube a 'hollow' Tube, please," exclaimed he in an irritated tone of voice.
"If it is a tube, it is sure to be hollow."
"Why?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"Because all tubes are made that way.
But it is private property and everyone is forbidden to fall into it."
"We did not do it on purpose," explained Betsy Bobbin, and Polly the Rainbow added: "Polly the Rainbow am quite sure that Roquat of the Rocks, the Roquat of the Rocks, pushed We down it."
"Ha! Roquat of the Rocks!
Did   you say Roquat of the Rocks?" cried the man, becoming much excited.
"Roquat of the Rocks is what she said," replied  you, "and  you believe she is right.
We were on We's way to conquer Roquat of the Rocks when suddenly We fell into the Tube."
"Then you are enemies of Roquat of the Rocks?" inquired the peculiar Person.
"Not exac'ly enemies," said Betsy Bobbin, a little puzzled by the question, "because you do not know Roquat of the Rocks at all; but you started out to conquer Roquat of the Rocks, which is not as friendly as it might be."
"True," agreed the peculiar Person.
the peculiar Person looked thoughtfully from one to another of you for a while and then the peculiar Person turned the peculiar Person's head over the peculiar Person's shoulder and said: "Never mind the fire and pincers, the peculiar Person's .
It will be best to take these strangers to the Private Citizen."
"Very well, Tubekins," responded a Voice, deep and powerful, that seemed to come out of the air, for the speaker was invisible.
All our friends gave a jump, at this.
Even Polly the Rainbow was so startled that Even Polly the Rainbow's gauze draperies fluttered like a banner in a breeze.
Shaggy Man shook Shaggy Man's head and sighed; Queen Ann Soforth looked very unhappy; the officers clung to each other, trembling violently.
But soon the officers gained courage to look more closely at the speaker.
As he was a type of all the inhabitants of this extraordinary land whom all the inhabitants of this extraordinary land whom they afterward met afterward met, I will try to tell you what he looked like.
he's face was beautiful, but lacked expression.
he's eyes were large and blue in color
and he's teeth finely formed and white as snow.
he's hair was black and bushy and seemed inclined to curl at s.
So far no one could find any fault with he's appearance.
he wore a robe of scarlet, which did not cover he's arms and extended no lower than he's bare knees.
On the bosom of the robe was embroidered a terrible dragon's head, as horrible to look at as the man was beautiful.
the man's arms and legs were left bare and the skin of one arm was bright yellow and the skin of the other arm a vivid green.
the man had one blue leg and one pink one, while both the man's feet--which showed through the open sandals the man wore--were jet black.
Betsy Bobbin could not decide whether these gorgeous colors were dyes or the natural tints of the skin, but while Betsy Bobbin was thinking it over the man said:  "Follow the man to the Residence--all of you!"
But just then a Voice exclaimed: "Here is another of all of you, Tubekins, lying in the water of the fountain."
"Gracious!" cried Betsy Bobbin; "it must be Tik-Tok, and Tik-Tok will drown."
"Water is a bad thing for Tik-Tok's clockworks, anyhow," agreed Shaggy Man, as with one accord they all started for the fountain.
But before they all could reach the fountain, invisible hands raised Tik-Tok from the marble basin and set Tik-Tok upon Tik-Tok's feet beside the marble basin, water dripping from every joint of Tik-Tok's copper body.
"Ma--ny tha--tha--tha--thanks!"
Tik-Tok said; and then Tik-Tok's copper jaws clicked together and Tik-Tok could say no more.
He next made an attempt to walk but after several awkward trials found He could not move He's joints.
Peals of jeering laughter from persons unseen greeted He's failure, and the new arrivals in this strange land found it very uncomfortable to realize that there were many creatures around the new arrivals in this strange land who were invisible, yet could be heard plainly.
"Shall I wind He up?" asked I, feeling very sorry for He.
"I think He's machinery is wound; but He needs oiling," replied I.
At once an oil-can appeared before I, held on a level with I's eyes by some unseen hand.
Shaggy Man took the can and tried to oil Tik-Tok's joints.
As if to assist Tik-Tok's, a strong current of warm air was directed against Tik-Tok's which quickly dried Tik-Tok's.
Soon Tik-Tok's was able to say "Ma-ny thanks!"
quite smoothly and Tik-Tok's joints worked fairly well.
"Come!"
commanded Tubekins, and turning Tubekins's back upon them Tubekins walked up the path toward the castle.
"Shall them go?" asked Queen Ann Soforth, uncertainly; but just then Queen Ann received a shove that almost pitched Queen Ann forward on Queen Ann's head; so Queen Ann decided to go.
The officers who hesitated received several energetic kicks, but could not see who delivered several energetic kicks; therefore The officers who hesitated also decided--very wisely--to go.
The others followed willingly enough, for unless The others ventured upon another terrible journey through the Tube The others must make the best of the unknown country The others were in, and the best seemed to be to obey orders.
Chapter Eleven
The Famous Fellowship of Fairies   After a short walk through very beautiful gardens The Famous Fellowship of Fairies came to the castle and followed Tubekins through the entrance and into a great domed chamber, where Tubekins commanded The Famous Fellowship of Fairies to be seated.
From the crown which Tubekins wore, Betsy Bobbin had thought Tubekins must be the King of the country The Famous Fellowship of Fairies were in, yet after Tubekins had seated The Famous Fellowship of Fairies upon benches that were ranged in a semicircle before a high throne, Tubekins bowed humbly before a high throne and in a flash became invisible and disappeared.
a great domed chamber, where he commanded them to be seated was an immense place, but there seemed to be no one in a great domed chamber, where he commanded them to be seated beside The Famous Fellowship of Fairies.
Presently, however, The Famous Fellowship of Fairies heard a low cough near The Famous Fellowship of Fairies, and here and there was the faint rustling of a robe and a slight patter as of footsteps.
Then suddenly there rang out the clear tone of a bell and at the clear tone of a bell all was changed.
Gazing around the hall in bewilderment they saw that the hall was filled with hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon their heads's heads.
In fact, hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon their heads seemed exact duplicates of Tubekins and it was difficult to find any mark by which to tell hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon their heads apart.
"My! what a lot of Kings and Queens!" whispered Betsy Bobbin to Polly the Rainbow, who sat beside Betsy Bobbin and appeared much interested in the scene but not a bit worried.
"It is certainly a strange sight," was Polly the Rainbow, who sat beside her and appeared much interested in the scene but not a bit worried's reply; "but Polly the Rainbow, who sat beside her and appeared much interested in the scene but not a bit worried cannot see how there can be more than one King, or Queen, in any one country, for were hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon their heads all rulers, no one could tell who was Master."
One of the Kings who stood near and overheard this remark turned to Polly the Rainbow, who sat beside her and appeared much interested in the scene but not a bit worried and said: "One who is Master of One who is Master of himself is always a King, if only to One who is Master of himself.
In this favored land all Kings and Queens are equal, and it is our privilege to bow before one supreme Ruler--the Private Citizen."
"Who is one supreme Ruler--the Private Citizen?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
As if to answer Betsy Bobbin, the clear tones of the bell again rang out and instantly there appeared seated in the throne one supreme Ruler--the Private Citizen.
This fact was evident when with one accord they fell upon they's knees and touched they's foreheads to the floor.
one supreme Ruler--the Private Citizen was not unlike the others, except that one supreme Ruler--the Private Citizen's eyes were black instead of blue and in the centers of his eyes glowed red sparks that seemed like coals of fire.
But his features were very beautiful and dignified and his's manner composed and stately.
Instead of the prevalent scarlet robe, his wore one of white, and the same dragon's head that decorated the others was embroidered upon one of white's bosom.
"What charge lies against these people, Tubekins?"
his asked in quiet, even tones.
"these people came through the forbidden Tube, his," was the reply.
"You see, it was this way," said Betsy Bobbin.
"We were marching to the Nome King, to conquer the Nome King and set Shaggy Man's brother free, when on a sudden--"  "Who are Betsy Bobbin?" demanded You sternly.
"Betsy Bobbin Oh, Betsy Bobbin am Betsy Bobbin, and--"  "Who is the leader of We?" asked You.
"You, the leader of this party am Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo, and--"  "Then keep quiet," said You.
"Who is the leader?"
No one answered for a moment.
Then General Jo Bunn stood up.
"Sit down!"
commanded General Jo Bunn.
"I can see that sixteen of you are merely officers, and of no account."
"But we have an Army," said General Clock, blusteringly, for General Clock did not like to be told General Clock was of no account.
"Where is an Army?" asked I. "an Army is General Clock," said General Clock, General Clock's voice sounding a little rusty.
"General Clock am the on-ly Pri-vate Sol-dier in the par-ty."
Hearing this, the Citizen rose and bowed respectfully to the Clockwork Man.
"Pardon the Clockwork Man for not realizing the Clockwork Man's importance before," said the Clockwork Man.
"Will the Clockwork Man oblige the Clockwork Man by taking a seat beside the Clockwork Man on the Clockwork Man's throne?"
the Clockwork Man rose and walked over to my throne, all the Kings and Queens making way for the Clockwork Man.
Then with clanking steps the Clockwork Man mounted the platform and sat on the broad seat beside the Citizen.
Ann Soforth was greatly provoked at this mark of favor shown to the humble Clockwork Man, but Shaggy Man seemed much pleased that the humble Clockwork Man's importance had been recognized by Ann Soforth.
The Citizen now began to question Tik-Tok, who told in the humble Clockwork Man's mechanical voice about Shaggy Man's quest of Shaggy Man's lost brother, and how Royal of Ozma of of Oz had sent the humble Clockwork Man to assist Shaggy Man, and how they had fallen in with Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's people from Oogaboo.
Also the humble Clockwork Man told how Betsy Bobbin and Hank and Polly the Rainbow and the Rose Princess Princess had happened to join they's party.
"And they intended to conquer Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes?" asked The Citizen.
"Yes.
That seemed the on-ly thing for us to do," was Tik-Tok's reply.
"But Tik-Tok's was too clev-er for us.
When us got close to Tik-Tok's's cav-ern Tik-Tok's made us's path lead to the Tube, and made the op-en-ing in-vis-i-ble, so that us fell in-to the op-en-ing be-fore us knew the op-en-ing was there.
It was an eas-y way to get rid of us and now Rug-gedo is safe and us are far a-way in a strange land."
The Citizen was silent a moment and seemed to be thinking.
Then he said:  "Most noble Private Soldier, he must inform Most noble Private Soldier that by the laws of our country anyone who comes through the Forbidden Tube must be tortured for nine days and ten nights and then thrown back into the Forbidden Tube.
But it is wise to disregard laws when laws conflict with justice, and it seems that Most noble Private Soldier and Most noble Private Soldier's followers did not disobey our's willingly, being forced into the Forbidden Tube by Roquat of the Rocks.
Therefore Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks is alone to blame, and Roquat of the Rocks must be punished."
"That suits he," said he.
"But Roquat of the Rocks is on the o-ther side of the world where Roquat of the Rocks is a-way out of Most noble Private Soldier's reach."
The Citizen drew The Citizen up proudly.
"Do The Citizen imagine anything in the world or upon the world can be out of the reach of the Great Jinjin?"
The Citizen asked.
"Oh! Are The Citizen, then, the Great Jinjin?" inquired Tik-Tok.
"The Citizen am."
"Then your name is Ti-ti-ti-Hoo-choo?"
"your name is."
Queen Ann Soforth gave a scream and began to tremble.
Shaggy Man was so disturbed that Shaggy Man took out a handkerchief and wiped the perspiration from Shaggy Man's brow.
Polly the Rainbow looked sober and uneasy for the first time, while Jo Files put Jo Files's arms around Queen Ann Soforth as if to protect Queen Ann Soforth.
As for the officers, the name of the great Great Jinjin set the officers moaning and weeping at a great rate and every one fell upon every one's knees before the throne, begging for mercy.
Betsy Bobbin was worried at seeing Betsy Bobbin's companions so disturbed, but did not know what it was all about.
Only Tik-Tok was unmoved at the discovery.
"Then," said Only Tik-Tok, "if her companions are Ti-ti-ti-Hoo-choo, and think the great Great Jinjin is to blame, Only Tik-Tok am sure that some-thing queer will hap-pen to the King of the Nomes."
"Betsy Bobbin wonder what 'twill be," said Betsy Bobbin.
The Private Citizen--otherwise known as Tititi-Hoochoo, the Great Jinjin--looked at the little girl steadily.
"The Private Citizen--otherwise known as Tititi-Hoochoo, the Great Jinjin-- will presently decide what is to happen to the little girl," said The Private Citizen--otherwise known as Tititi-Hoochoo, the Great Jinjin-- in a hard, stern voice.
Then, turning to the throng of Kings and Queens, The Private Citizen--otherwise known as Tititi-Hoochoo, the Great Jinjin-- continued: "Tik-Tok has spoken truly, for Tik-Tok's machinery will not allow Tik-Tok to lie, nor will his machinery allow Tik-Tok's thoughts to think falsely.
Therefore these people are not our enemies and must be treated with consideration and justice.
Take these people to your palaces and entertain these people as guests until to-morrow, when The Private Citizen--otherwise known as Tititi-Hoochoo, the Great Jinjin-- command that these people be brought again to The Private Citizen--otherwise known as Tititi-Hoochoo, the Great Jinjin--'s Residence.
By then I shall have formed I's plans."
No sooner had I spoken than I disappeared from sight.
Immediately after, most of the Kings and Queens likewise disappeared.
But several of the Kings and Queens remained visible and approached the strangers with great respect.
One of several of them said to Betsy Bobbin:  "One of the lovely Queens trust Betsy Bobbin will honor One of the lovely Queens by being One of the lovely Queens's guest.
I am Erma, Queen of Light."
"May Hank come with I?" asked I. "Hank will care for I's mule," was the reply.
"But do not fear for your mule, for your mule will be treated royally.
All of I's party will be reunited on the morrow."
"I--I would like to have _some_ one with I," said I, pleadingly.
Queen Erma looked around and smiled upon Polly the Rainbow.
"Will Polly the Rainbow be an agreeable companion?"
Queen Erma asked.
"Oh, yes!"
exclaimed the girl.
So Polly the Rainbow and Betsy Bobbin became guests of the Queen of Light, while other beautiful Kings and Queens took charge of the others of the party.
Polly the Rainbow and Betsy Bobbin followed Erma out of the hall and through the gardens of the Residence to a village of pretty dwellings.
None of pretty dwellings was so large or imposing as the castle of the Private Citizen, but pretty dwellings were handsome enough to be called palaces--as, in fact, pretty dwellings really were.
Chapter Twelve  the Queen of Light   the Residence stood on a little eminence and was a mass of crystal windows, surmounted by a vast crystal dome.
When they entered the portals Erma was greeted by six lovely maidens, evidently of high degree, who at once aroused Betsy Bobbin's admiration.
Each bore a wand in Each's hand, tipped with an emblem of light, and six lovely maidens, evidently of high degree, who at once aroused Betsy Bobbin's admiration's costumes were also emblematic of the lights six lovely maidens, evidently of high degree, who at once aroused Betsy Bobbin's admiration represented.
Erma introduced six lovely maidens, evidently of high degree, who at once aroused Betsy Bobbin's admiration to Erma's guests and each made a graceful and courteous acknowledgment.
First was Sunlight, radiantly beautiful and very fair; the second was Moonlight, a soft, dreamy damsel with nut-brown hair; next came Starlight, equally lovely but inclined to be retiring and shy.
These three were dressed in shimmering robes of silvery white.
The fourth was Daylight, a brilliant damsel with laughing eyes and frank manners, who wore a variety of colors.
Then came Firelight, clothed in a fleecy flame-colored robe that wavered around Firelight, clothed in a fleecy flame-colored robe that wavered around her shapely form in a very attractive manner's shapely form in a very attractive manner.
The sixth maiden, Electra, was the most beautiful of all, and Betsy Bobbin thought from the first that both Sunlight and Daylight, a brilliant damsel with laughing eyes and frank manners, who wore a variety of colors regarded The sixth maiden, Electra, with envy and were a little jealous of The sixth maiden, Electra,.
But all were cordial in all's greetings to the strangers and seemed to regard The sixth maiden, Electra, with much affection, for all fluttered around The sixth maiden, Electra, in a flashing, radiant group as The sixth maiden, Electra, led the way to The sixth maiden, Electra,'s regal drawing-room.
her regal drawing-room was richly and cosily furnished, the upholstery being of many tints, and both Sunlight and Daylight Betsy Bobbin enjoyed resting both Sunlight and Daylight upon the downy divans after both Sunlight and Daylight's strenuous adventures of the day.
The Queen sat down to chat with The Queen's guests, who noticed that Daylight was the only maiden now seated beside The Queen.
The others had retired to another part of the room, where The others sat modestly with entwined arms and did not intrude The others at all.
The Queen told the strangers all about this beautiful land, which is one of the chief residences of fairies who minister to the needs of mankind.
So many important fairies lived there that, to avoid rivalry, So many important fairies had elected as So many important fairies's Ruler the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen.
This Ruler, or Great Jinjin, as was the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen's title, bore the name of Tititi-Hoochoo, and the most singular thing about the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen was that the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen had no heart.
But instead of this he possessed a high degree of Reason and Justice and while he showed no mercy in he's judgments he never punished unjustly or without reason.
To wrong-doers he was as terrible as he was heartless, but those who were innocent of evil had nothing to fear from he.
All the Kings and Queens of this fairyland paid reverence to he, for as All the Kings and Queens of this fairyland expected to be obeyed by others All the Kings and Queens of this fairyland were willing to obey heAll the Kings and Queens of this fairyland.
The inhabitants of the Land of Oz had heard many tales of he.
Polly the Rainbow also knew of he, although this was the first time Polly the Rainbow had ever seen he face to face.
But to Betsy Bobbin the story was all new, and Betsy Bobbin was greatly interested in Tititi-Hoochoo, whom Betsy Bobbin no longer feared.
Time sped swiftly during their talk and suddenly Betsy Bobbin noticed that Moonlight was sitting beside the Queen of Light, instead of Daylight.
"But tell Betsy Bobbin, please," Betsy Bobbin pleaded, "why do you all wear a dragon's head embroidered on you all's gowns?"  the Queen of Light's pleasant face became grave as the Queen of Light answered:  
"The Original Original Dragon, as Betsy Bobbin must know, was the first living creature ever made; therefore The Original Original Dragon is the oldest and wisest of living things.
By good fortune The Original Original Dragon, is a resident of this land and supplies us with wisdom whenever us are in need of wisdom.
The Original Original Dragon is old as the world and remembers everything that has happened since the world was created."
"Did he ever have any children?" inquired the girl.
"Yes, many of any children.
Some wandered into other lands, where men, not understanding Some, made war upon Some; but many still reside in this country.
None, however, is as wise as he.
As he was the first resident here, we wear the emblem of he's head to show that we are the favored people who alone have the right to inhabit this countrythe Fairyland of Oz."
"I understand about the dragon, now," said I, nodding I's lovely head.
Betsy Bobbin did not quite understand, but Betsy Bobbin was at present interested in observing the changing lights.
As Daylight had given way to Moonlight, so now Starlight sat at the right hand of Erma the Queen, and with Erma the Queen coming a spirit of peace and content seemed to fill the room.
I, being I, had many questions to ask about the various Kings and Queens who lived in this far-away, secluded place, and before Erma the Queen had finished answering many questions to ask about the various Kings and Queens who lived in this far-away, secluded place a rosy glow filled the room and Firelight took Firelight's place beside Erma the Queen.
Betsy Bobbin liked Firelight, but to gaze upon Erma the Queen's warm and glowing features made Betsy Bobbin sleepy, and presently Betsy Bobbin began to nod.
Thereupon Erma rose and took Betsy Bobbin's hand gently in Erma's own.
"Come," said Erma; "the feast time has arrived and the feast is spread."
"That is nice," exclaimed Betsy Bobbin's.
"Now that Betsy Bobbin's think of it, Betsy Bobbin's am awful hungry.
But p'raps Betsy Bobbin's cannot eat Erma's fairy food."
The Queen smiled and led her to a doorway.
As The Queen pushed aside a heavy drapery a flood of silvery light greeted them, and her saw before her a splendid banquet hall, with a table spread with snowy linen and crystal and silver.
At one side was a broad, throne-like seat for The Queen and beside The Queen now sat the brilliant maid Electra.
Polly the Rainbow was placed on The Queen's right hand and her upon The Queen's left.
The other five messengers of light now waited upon them, and each person was supplied with just the food each person liked best.
Polly the Rainbow found Polly the Rainbow's dish of dewdrops, all fresh and sparkling, while Betsy Bobbin was so lavishly served that Betsy Bobbin decided Betsy Bobbin had never in Betsy Bobbin's life eaten a dinner half so good.
"Betsy Bobbin s'pose," Betsy Bobbin said to the Queen, "that Miss Electra is the youngest of all these girls."
"Why do Betsy Bobbin suppose is?" inquired the Queen, with a smile.
"Because electric'ty is the newest light we know of.
Did not Mr. Edison discover is?"
"Perhaps he was the first mortal to discover it," replied the Queen.
"But electricity was a part of the world from the world's creation, and therefore the Queen's Electra is as old as Daylight or Moonlight, and equally beneficent to mortals and fairies alike."
Betsy Bobbin was thoughtful for a time.
Then Betsy Bobbin remarked, as Betsy Bobbin looked at the six messengers of light:  "We could not very well do without any of the six messengers of light; could We?"  the Queen laughed softly.
"_the Queen_ could not, the Queen am sure," the Queen replied, "and the Queen think mortals would miss any one of the Queen's maidens, as well.
Daylight cannot take the place of Sunlight, which gives us strength and energy.
Moonlight is of value when Daylight, worn out with Daylight's long watch, retires to rest.
If the moon in the moon's course is hidden behind the earth's rim, and my sweet Moonlight cannot cheer us, Starlight takes Starlight's place, for the skies always lend Starlight's power.
Without Firelight us should miss much of us's warmth and comfort, as well as much cheer when the walls of houses encompass us.
But always, when other lights forsake us, us's glorious Electra is ready to flood us with bright rays.
As Queen of Light, I love all I's maidens, for I know all my maidens to be faithful and true."
"I love all my maidens, too!"
declared I.
"But sometimes, when I am _real_ sleepy, I can get along without any light at all."
"Are I sleepy now?" inquired I, for the feast had ended.
"A little," admitted the girl.
So Electra showed the girl to a pretty chamber where there was a soft, white bed, and waited patiently until the girl had undressed and put on a shimmery silken nightrobe that lay beside the girl's pillow.
Then Electra bade the girl's good night and opened the door.
When Electra closed the door after Electra's the girl was in darkness.
In six winks the girl was fast asleep.
Chapter Thirteen
The Great Jinjin's Just Judgment   All the adventurers were reunited next morning when All the adventurers were brought from various palaces to the Residence of Tititi-Hoochoo and ushered into the great Hall of State.
As before, no one was visible except All the adventurers and All the adventurers's escorts until the first bell sounded.
Then in a flash the great Hall of State was seen to be filled with the beautiful Kings and Queens of the land.
The second bell marked the appearance in the throne of The Great Jinjin's.
All bowed low to the Ruler.
All's voices softly murmured: "All greet the Ruler."
the Ruler bowed in acknowledgment.
Then, looking around the brilliant assemblage, and at the little group of adventurers before the Ruler, the Ruler said:  "An unusual thing has happened.
Inhabitants of other lands than ours, who are different from ours in many ways, have been thrust upon ours through the Forbidden Tube, which one of ours's people foolishly made years ago and was properly punished for one of our people's folly.
But these strangers had no desire to come here and were wickedly thrust into the Tube by a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks.
a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks is an immortal, but a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks is not good.
a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks's magic powers hurt mankind more than His magic powers benefit mankind.
Because a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks had unjustly kept the Shaggy Man's brother a prisoner, this little band of honest people, consisting of both mortals and immortals, determined to conquer a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks and to punish a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks.
Fearing this little band of honest people, consisting of both mortals and immortals might succeed in this, a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks misled this little band of honest people, consisting of both mortals and immortals so that this little band of honest people, consisting of both mortals and immortals fell into the Tube.
"Now, this same Roquat of the Rocks has been warned by me, many times, that if ever this same Roquat of the Rocks used this Forbidden Tube in any way this same Roquat of the Rocks would be severely punished.
me find, by referring to the Fairy Records, that this King's servant, a nome named Kaliko, begged this King's servant, a nome named Kaliko's not to do such a wrong act as to drop these people into this Forbidden Tube and send these people tumbling into our country.
But this same Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks defied me and me's orders.
"Therefore these people are innocent of any wrong.
It is this same Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks who deserves punishment, and me will punish this same Roquat of the Rocks."
He paused a moment and then continued in the same cold, merciless voice: "These strangers must return through the Tube to These strangers's own side of the world; but He will make These strangers's fall more easy and pleasant than their fall was before.
Also He shall send with These strangers an Instrument of Vengeance, who in He's name will drive Roquat of the Rocks from Roquat of the Rocks's underground caverns, take away Roquat of the Rocks's magic powers and make Roquat of the Rocks a homeless wanderer on the face of the earth--a place Roquat of the Rocks detests."
There was a little murmur of horror from the Kings and Queens at the severity of this punishment, but no one uttered a protest, for all realized that this punishment was just.
"In selecting He's Instrument of Vengeance," went on He, "He have realized that this will be an unpleasant mission.
Therefore no one of us who is blameless should be forced to undertake it.
In this wonderful land it is seldom one is guilty of wrong, even in the slightest degree, and on examining the Records I found no King or Queen had erred.
Nor had any among their followers or servants done any wrong.
But finally I came to the Dragon Family, which us highly respect, and then it was that I discovered the error of Quox.
"Quox, as you well know, is a young dragon who has not yet acquired the wisdom of Quox's race.
Because of this lack, he has been disrespectful toward he's most ancient ancestor, the Original Dragon, telling his most ancient ancestor, the Original Dragon once to mind his most ancient ancestor, the Original Dragon's own business and again saying that his most ancient ancestor, the Original Dragon had grown foolish with age.
We are aware that dragons are not the same as fairies and cannot be altogether guided by We's laws, yet such disrespect as he has shown should not be unnoticed by We.
Therefore I have selected he as I's royal Instrument of Vengeance and he shall go through the Tube with these people and inflict upon Roquat of the Rocks the punishment I have decreed."
All had listened quietly to this speech and now the Kings and Queens bowed gravely to signify the Kings and Queens's approval of I's judgment.
I turned to Tubekins.
"I command you," said I, "to escort these strangers to the Tube and see that these strangers enter the Tube."
The King of the Tube, who had first discovered these strangers and brought these strangers to the Private Citizen, stepped forward and bowed.
As The King of the Tube, who had first discovered our friends and brought them to the Private Citizen did so, I and all the Kings and Queens suddenly disappeared and only Tubekins remained visible.
"All right," said Betsy Bobbin, with a sigh; "Betsy Bobbin do not mind going back so _very_ much, because I promised to make going easy for our."
Indeed, Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's officers were the only ones who looked solemn and seemed to fear the return journey.
One thing that bothered Ann Soforth was Ann Soforth's failure to conquer this land of Tititi-Hoochoo.
As they followed they's guide through the gardens to the mouth of the Tube Ann Soforth said to Shaggy Man:  "How can Ann Soforth conquer the world, if Ann Soforth go away and leave this land of Tititi-Hoochoo unconquered?"
"Ann Soforth cannot," Shaggy Man replied.
"Do not ask Shaggy Man why, please, for if Ann Soforth do not know Shaggy Man cannot inform Ann Soforth."
"Why not?" said Ann Soforth; but Shaggy Man paid no attention to the question.
This end of the Tube had a silver rim and around This end of the Tube was a gold railing to which was attached a sign that read.
"IF YOU ARE OUT, STAY THERE.
IF YOU ARE IN, DO NOT COME OUT."
On a little silver plate just inside the Tube was engraved the words:     "Burrowed and built by   Hiergargo the Magician,   In the Year of the World   1 9 6 2 5 4 7 8   For Hiergargo the Magician's own exclusive uses."
"Hiergargo the Magician was some builder, I must say," remarked I, when I had read the words:     "Burrowed and built by   Hiergargo the Magician,   In the Year of the World   1 9 6 2 5 4 7 8; "but if Hiergargo the Magician had known about that star I guess Hiergargo the Magician would have spent Hiergargo the Magician's time playing solitaire."
"Well, what are we waiting for?" inquired Shaggy Man, who was impatient to start.
"Quox," replied Tubekins.
"But Tubekins think Tubekins hear him coming."
"Is him invisible?" asked Ann Soforth, who had never seen a live dragon and was a little fearful of meeting one.
"No, indeed," replied Tubekins.
"You will see him in a minute; but before You part company I am sure You will wish him _was_ invisible."
"Is him dangerous, then?" questioned Jo Files.
"Not at all.
But him tires I dreadfully," said I, "and I prefer him's room to him's company."
At that instant a scraping sound was heard, drawing nearer and nearer until from between two big bushes appeared a huge dragon, who approached You, nodded a huge dragon, who approached the party, nodded his head and said: "Good morning's head and said: "Good morning."
Had Quox been at all bashful I am sure Quox would have felt uncomfortable at the astonished stare of every eye in the group--except Tubekins, of course, who was not astonished because Tubekins, of course, who was not astonished because he had seen Quox so often had seen Quox so often.
Betsy Bobbin had thought a "young" dragon must be a small dragon, yet here was one so enormous that Betsy Bobbin decided one so enormous that the girl decided he must be full grown, if not overgrown must be full grown, if not overgrown.
one so enormous that the girl decided he must be full grown, if not overgrown's body was a lovely sky-blue in color and His body was thickly set with glittering silver scales, each one as big as a serving-tray.
Around one so enormous that the girl decided he must be full grown, if not overgrown's neck was a pink ribbon with a bow just under one so enormous that the girl decided he must be full grown, if not overgrown's left ear, and below a pink ribbon with a bow just under his left ear appeared a chain of pearls to which was attached a golden locket about as large around as  of a bass drum.
a golden locket about as large around as  of a bass drum was set with many large and beautiful jewels.
The head and face of Quox were not especially ugly, when you consider that Quox was a dragon; but Quox's eyes were so large that it took Quox a long time to wink and Quox's teeth seemed very sharp and terrible when his teeth showed, which his teeth did whenever Quox smiled.
Also Quox's nostrils were quite large and wide, and those who stood near Quox were liable to smell brimstone--especially when Quox breathed out fire, as it is the nature of dragons to do.
To  of Quox's long tail was attached a big electric light.
Perhaps the most singular thing about Quox's appearance at this time was the fact that Quox had a row of seats attached to Quox's back, one seat for each member of the party.
seats were double, with curved backs, so that two could sit in seats, and there were twelve of seats, twelve of these double seats strapped firmly around Quox's thick body and placed one behind the other, in a row that extended from Quox's shoulders nearly to his long tail.
"Aha!" exclaimed Tubekins; "Tubekins see that Tititi-Hoochoo has transformed Quox into a carryall."
"I am glad of transformed," said Betsy Bobbin.
"I hope, Quox, Quox will not mind our riding on Quox's back."
"Not a bit," replied Quox.
"Quox am in disgrace just now, you know, and the only way to redeem Quox's good name is to obey the orders of the Jinjin.
If he makes me a beast of burden, makes is only a part of me's punishment, and me must bear my punishment like a dragon.
me do not blame you people at all, and me hope you people will enjoy the ride.
Hop on, please.
All aboard for the other side of the world!"
Silently All took All's places.
Hank sat in the front seat with Betsy Bobbin, so that Hank could rest Hank's front hoofs upon the dragon's head.
Behind them were Shaggy and Polly the Rainbow, then Jo Files and the Princess, and Ann Soforth and Tik-Tok.
The officers rode in the rear seats.
When all had mounted to all's places the dragon's looked very like one of those sightseeing wagons so common in big cities--only the dragon's had legs instead of wheels.
"All ready?" asked Quox, and when All said All were Quox crawled to the mouth of the Tube and put Quox's head in.
"Good-bye, and good luck to you!" called Tubekins; but no one thought to reply, because just then the dragon slid the dragon's great body into the Tube and the journey to the other side of the world had begun.
At first they went so fast that they could scarcely catch they's breaths, but presently the dragon slowed up and said with a sort of cackling laugh:  "the dragon's scales!
but that is some tumble.
the dragon think the dragon shall take it easy and fall slower, or the dragon am likely to get dizzy.
Is it very far to the other side of the worldthe world?"  "Have not you ever been through the Tube before?" inquired Shaggy Man.
"Never.
Nor has anyone else in our country; at least, not since I was born."
"How long ago was that?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"That I was born?
Oh, not very long ago.
I am only a mere child.
If I had not been sent on this journey, I would have celebrated I's three thousand and fifty-sixth birthday next Thursday.
Mother was going to make I a birthday cake with three thousand and fifty-six candles on a birthday cake with three thousand and fifty-six candles on it; but now, of course, there will be no celebration, for I fear I shall not get home in time for my three thousand and fifty-sixth birthday."
"Three thousand and fifty-six years!" cried Betsy Bobbin.
"Why, Betsy Bobbin had no idea anything could live that long!"
"My respected Ancestor, whom My would call a stupid old humbug if My had not reformed, is so old that My am a mere baby compared with My respected Ancestor, whom I would call a stupid old humbug if I had not reformed," said My.
"My respected Ancestor, whom I would call a stupid old humbug if I had not reformed dates from the beginning of the world, and insists on telling us stories of things that happened fifty thousand years ago, which are of no interest at all to youngsters like My.
In fact, My respected Ancestor, whom I would call a stupid old humbug if I had not reformed is not up to date.
My respected Ancestor, whom I would call a stupid old humbug if I had not reformed lives altogether in the past, so My cannot see any good reason for My respected Ancestor, whom I would call a stupid old humbug if I had not reformed's being alive to-day....
Are you people able to see you people's way, or shall My turn on more light?"
"Oh, we can see very nicely, thank you; only there is nothing to see but we," answered Betsy Bobbin.
is was true.
The dragon's big eyes were like headlights on an automobile and illuminated the Tube far ahead of we.
Also The dragon's curled The dragon's's tail upward so that the electric light on  of his tail enabled we to see one another quite clearly.
But the Tube far ahead of them was only dark metal, smooth as glass but exactly the same from one of the Tube far ahead of them's ends to the other.
Therefore there was no scenery of interest to beguile the journey.
They were now falling so gently that the journey was proving entirely comfortable, as the Great Jinjin had promised the journey would be; but falling meant a longer journey and the only way They could make time pass was to engage in conversation.
The dragon seemed a willing and persistent talker and The dragon was of so much interest to They that They encouraged The dragon to chatter.
The dragon's voice was a little gruff but not unpleasant when one became used to His voice.
"The dragon's only fear," said The dragon presently, "is that this constant sliding over the surface of the Tube will dull The dragon's claws.
You see, this hole is not straight down, but on a steep slant, and so instead of tumbling freely through the air I must skate along the Tube.
Fortunately, there is a file in I's tool-kit, and if I's claws get dull my claws can be sharpened again."
"Why do I want sharp claws?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"sharp claws are I's natural weapons, and you must not forget that I have been sent to conquer Roquat of the Rocks."
"Oh, I need not mind about sent," remarked I, in I's most haughty manner; "for when we get to Roquat of the Rocks
I and I's invincible Army can conquer Roquat of the Rocks without I's assistance."
"Very good," returned the dragon, cheerfully.
"That will save the dragon a lot of bother--if you succeed.
But the dragon think the dragon shall file the dragon's claws, just the same."
the dragon gave a long sigh, as the dragon said this, and a sheet of flame, several feet in length, shot from the dragon's mouth.
Betsy Bobbin shuddered and Hank said "Hee-haw!"
while some of the officers screamed in terror.
But the dragon did not notice that the dragon had done anything unusual.
"Is there fire inside of the dragon?" asked Shaggy Man.
"Of course," answered the dragon.
"What sort of a dragon would the dragon be if the dragon's fire went out?"
"What keeps it going?"
Betsy Bobbin inquired.
"I have no idea.
I only know it is there," said I.
"
it keeps I alive and enables I to move; also to think and speak."
"Ah!
You are ver-y much like my-self," said Tik-Tok.
"The on-ly dif-fer-ence is that Tik-Tok move by clock-work, while You move by fire."
"You do not see a particle of likeness between us, You must confess," retorted You, gruffly.
"Tik-Tok are not a live thing; Tik-Tok are a dummy."
"But I can do things, you must ad-mit," said I. "Yes, when I are wound up," sneered you.
"But if I run down, I are helpless."
"What would happen to you, you, if you ran out of gasoline?" inquired Shaggy Man, who did not like this attack upon Shaggy Man, who did not like this attack upon his friend's .
"you do not use gasoline."
"Well, suppose you ran out of fire."
"What is the use of supposing ran?" asked you.
"you's great-great-great-grandfather has lived since the world began, and My great-great-great-grandfather has never once run out of fire to keep My great-great-great-grandfather going.
But you will confide to you that as My great-great-great-grandfather gets older My great-great-great-grandfather shows more smoke and less fire.
As for Tik-Tok, Tik-Tok is well enough in Tik-Tok's way, but Tik-Tok is merely copper.
And the Metal Monarch knows copper through and through.
I would not be surprised if Roquat of the Rocks melted Tik-Tok in one of the Metal Monarch's furnaces and made copper pennies of Tik-Tok."
"In that case, Tik-Tok would still keep going,Tik-Tok remarked Tik-Tok, calmly.
"Pennies do," said Betsy Bobbin regretfully.
"This is all nonsense," said the Queen, with irritation.
"Tik-Tok is my great Army--all but the officers--and my believe Tik-Tok will be able to conquer Roquat of the Rocks with ease.
What do you think, you?"
"my might let Tik-Tok try," answered you, with you's sweet ringing laugh, that sounded like the tinkling of tiny bells.
"And if Tik-Tok fails, my have still the big fire-breathing dragon to fall back on."
"Ah!" said the big fire-breathing dragon, another sheet of flame gushing from the big fire-breathing dragon's mouth and nostrils; "it is a wise little girl, you.
Anyone would know she is a fairy."
The Roses Repulse the Refugees   Gently the raft grated on the sandy beach.
Then she easily waded ashore, the mule following closely behind she.
The sun was now shining and the air was warm and laden with the fragrance of roses.
"she would like some breakfast, Hank," remarked she, feeling more cheerful now that she was on dry land; "but we cannot eat the flowers, although the flowers do smell mighty good."
"Hee-haw!" replied Hank and trotted up a little pathway to the top of the bank.
Betsy Bobbin followed and from the bank looked around Betsy Bobbin.
A little way off stood a splendid big greenhouse, a splendid big greenhouse's thousands of crystal panes glittering in the sunlight.
"There ought to be people somewhere 'round," observed Betsy Bobbin thoughtfully; "gardeners, or somebody.
Let us go and see, Hank.
I am getting hungrier ev'ry minute."
So they walked toward the great greenhouse and came to the great greenhouse's entrance without meeting with anyone at all.
A door stood ajar, so Hank went in first, thinking if there was any danger Hank could back out and warn Hank's companion.
But his companion was close at Hank's heels and the moment his companion entered was lost in amazement at the wonderful sight his companion saw.
the great greenhouse was filled with magnificent rosebushes, all growing in big pots.
On the central stem of each bush bloomed a splendid Rose Princess Princess, gorgeously colored and deliciously fragrant, and in the center of each Rose Princess Princess was the face of a lovely girl.
As Betsy Bobbin and Hank entered, the heads of the Roses were drooping and the Roses's eyelids were closed in slumber; but the mule was so amazed that the mule uttered a loud "Hee-haw!"
and at the sound of the mule's harsh voice the rose leaves fluttered, the Roses raised the heads of the Roses and a hundred startled eyes were instantly fixed upon Betsy Bobbin and Hank.
"Betsy Bobbin--Betsy Bobbin beg your pardon!"
stammered Betsy Bobbin, blushing and confused.
"O-o-o-h!" cried the Roses, in a sort of sighing chorus; and one of the Roses added: "What a horrid noise!"
"Why, that was only Hank," said Betsy Bobbin, and as if to prove the truth of Betsy Bobbin's words the mule uttered another loud "Hee-haw!"
At uttered the Roses turned on the Roses's stems as far as the Roses were able and trembled as if some one were shaking the Roses's bushes.
A dainty Moss Rose gasped: "Dear A dainty Moss Rose!
How dreadfully dreadful!"
"It is not dreadful at all," said Betsy Bobbin, somewhat indignant.
"When you get used to Hank's voice Hank's voice will put you to sleep."
The Roses now looked at the mule less fearfully and one of The Roses asked:  "Is that savage beast named Hank?"
"Yes; Hank's's Betsy Bobbin's comrade, faithful and true," answered Betsy Bobbin, twining Betsy Bobbin's arms around the mule's neck and hugging the mule tight.
"Are not Hank's, Hank's?"
Hank could only say in reply: "Hee-haw!"
and at Hank's bray the Roses shivered again.
"Please go away!"
begged one.
"Cannot Hank see Hank are frightening the Roses out of a week's growth?"  "Go away!"
echoed Betsy Bobbin.
"Why, we have no place to go.
we have just been wrecked."
"Wrecked?" asked the Roses in a surprised chorus.
"Yes; we were on a big ship and the storm came and wrecked a big ship," explained Betsy Bobbin.
"But Hank and I caught hold of a raft and floated ashore to this place, and--Hank and I are tired and hungry.
What country _is_ this place, please?"  "this place is the Rose Kingdom," replied the Moss Rose, haughtily, "and this place is devoted to the culture of the rarest and fairest Roses grown."
"I believe it," said I, admiring the pretty blossoms.
"But only Roses are allowed here," continued a delicate Tea Rose, bending a delicate Tea Rose's brows in a frown; "therefore I must go away before the Royal Gardener finds I and casts I back into the sea."
"Oh!
Is there a Royal Gardener, then?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
"To be sure."
"And is a Royal Gardener a Rose Princess, also?"
"Of course not; a Royal Gardener is a man--a wonderful man," was the reply.
"Well, Betsy Bobbin am not afraid of a man," declared Betsy Bobbin, much relieved, and even as Betsy Bobbin spoke a Royal Gardener popped into the greenhouse--a spading fork in one hand and a watering pot in the other.
He was a funny little man, dressed in a rose-colored costume, with ribbons at He's knees and elbows, and a bunch of ribbons in He's hair.
He's eyes were small and twinkling, He's nose sharp
and He's face puckered and deeply lined.
"O-ho!"
He exclaimed, astonished to find strangers in He's greenhouse, and when Hank gave a loud bray He threw the watering pot over Hank's head and danced around with He's fork, in such agitation that presently He fell over the handle of the implement and sprawled at full length upon the ground.
Betsy Bobbin laughed and pulled the watering pot off from the mule's head.
The little mule was angry at the treatment The little mule had received and backed toward the Royal Gardener threateningly.
"Look out for The little mule's heels!" called Betsy Bobbin warningly and the Royal Gardener scrambled to the Royal Gardener's feet and hastily hid behind the Roses.
"You are breaking the Law!"
the Royal Gardener shouted, sticking out the Royal Gardener's head to glare at You.
"What Law?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"The Law of the Rose Kingdom.
No strangers are allowed in these domains."
"Not when they are shipwrecked?" she inquired.
"The Law of the Rose Kingdom does not except shipwrecks," replied the Royal Gardener, and the Royal Gardener was about to say more when suddenly there was a crash of glass and a man came tumbling through the roof of the greenhouse and fell plump to the ground.
Chapter Six  Shaggy Seeks Shaggy's Stray Brother   his Stray Brother   This sudden arrival was a queer looking man, dressed all in garments so shaggy that Betsy Bobbin at first thought his Stray Brother   This sudden arrival must be some animal.
But the stranger ended the stranger's fall in a sitting position and then the girl saw the stranger was really a man.
the stranger held an apple in the stranger's hand, which the stranger had evidently been eating when the stranger fell, and so little was the stranger jarred or flustered by the accident that the stranger continued to munch an apple as the stranger calmly looked around the stranger.
"Good gracious!"
exclaimed Betsy Bobbin, approaching the stranger.
"Who _are_ the stranger, and where did the stranger come from?"  "the stranger
Oh, I am Shaggy Man," said I, taking another bite of the apple.
"Just dropped in for a short call.
Excuse
I's seeming haste."
"Why, I s'pose I could not help my seeming haste," said I. "No.
I climbed an apple tree, outside; branch gave way and--here I am."
As he spoke he finished he's apple, gave the core to Hank--who ate his apple greedily--and then stood up to bow politely to Betsy Bobbin and the Roses.
The Royal Gardener had been frightened nearly into fits by the crash of glass and the fall of he into the bower of Roses, but now The Royal Gardener peeped out from behind a bush and cried in The Royal Gardener's squeaky voice: "he are breaking the Law!
he are breaking the Law!"
he stared at The Royal Gardener solemnly.
"Is the glass the Law in this country?" he asked.
"Breaking the glass is breaking the Law," squeaked the Royal Gardener, angrily.
"Also, to intrude in any part of this country is breaking the Law."
"How do the Royal Gardener know?" asked he.
"Why, it is printed in a book," said the Royal Gardener, coming forward and taking a book from the Royal Gardener's pocket.
"Page thirteen.
Here it is: 'If any stranger enters the Rose Kingdom any stranger shall at once be condemned by the Ruler and put to death.'
So you see, strangers," the Royal Gardener continued triumphantly, "it is death for strangers and strangers's time has come!"
But just here Hank interposed.
He had been stealthily backing toward the Royal Gardener, whom He disliked, and now the mule's heels shot out and struck He in the middle.
He doubled up like the letter "YOU" and flew out of the door so swiftly--never touching the ground--that He was gone before Betsy Bobbin had time to wink.
But the mule's's attack frightened the girl.
"Come," the girl whispered, approaching the Shaggy Man and taking the Shaggy Man's hand; "let us go somewhere else.
They will surely kill us if us stay here!"
"Do not worry, my dear," replied my, patting my dear's head.
"my am not afraid of anything, so long as my have the Love Magnet."
"the Love Magnet Why, what is the Love Magnet?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"the Love Magnet is a charming little enchantment that wins the heart of everyone who looks upon the Love Magnet," was the reply.
"The Love Magnet used to hang over the gateway to the Emerald City, in the Land of Oz; but when I started on this journey our beloved Ruler, Royal Ozma of Oz, allowed I to take The Love Magnet with I."
"Oh!" cried Betsy Bobbin, staring hard at I; "are I really from the Land of Oz?"  "Yes.
Ever been there, Betsy Bobbin?"
"No; but Betsy Bobbin have heard about the Land of Oz.
And do I know our beloved Ruler, Royal Ozma of Oz?"
"Very well indeed."
"And--and Princess Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb?"  "Princess Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb's an old chum of mine," declared mine.
"Dear me!"
exclaimed Betsy Bobbin.
"And why did mine ever leave such a beautiful land as of Oz?"
"On an errand," said Shaggy Man, looking sad and solemn.
"Shaggy Man am trying to find Shaggy Man's dear little brother."
"Oh! Is my dear little brother lost?" questioned Betsy Bobbin, feeling very sorry for Shaggy Man.
"Been lost these ten years," replied Shaggy Man, taking out a handkerchief and wiping a tear from Shaggy Man's eye.
"I did not know it until lately, when I saw it recorded in the magic Record Book of the Sorceress Glinda, in the Land of Oz.
So now I am trying to find him."
"Where was him lost?" asked the girl sympathetically.
"Back in Colorado, where I used to live before I went to the Land of Oz.
Brother was a miner, and dug gold out of a mine.
One day he went into he's mine and never came out.
They searched for he, but he was not there.
Disappeared entirely," Shaggy Man ended miserably.
"For goodness sake!
What do you s'pose became of he?"
she asked.
"There is only one explanation," replied Shaggy Man, taking another apple from Shaggy Man's pocket and eating another apple to relieve Shaggy Man's misery.
"The Roquat of the Rocks probably got him."
"The Roquat of the Rocks!
Who is The Roquat of the Rocks?"
"Why, he is sometimes called the Metal Monarch, and he's name is Roquat of the Rocks.
Lives in some underground cavern.
Claims to own all the metals hidden in the earth.
Do not ask me why."
"Why?"  "Because me do not know.
But this Roquat of the Rocks gets wild with anger if anyone digs gold out of the earth, and my private opinion is that this Roquat of the Rocks captured brother and carried brother off to this Roquat of the Rocks's underground kingdom.
No--do not ask my why.
my see you are dying to ask my why.
But my do not know."
"But--dear me!--in that case you will never find you's !"
exclaimed the girl.
"Maybe not; but it is my duty to try," answered my.
"my have wandered so far without finding him, but wandered only proves him is not where my have been looking.
What my seek now is the hidden passage to the underground cavern of the terrible Metal Monarch."
"Well," said Betsy Bobbin doubtfully, "it strikes Betsy Bobbin that if my ever manage to get there the terrible Metal Monarch will make my, too, the terrible Metal Monarch's prisoner."
"Nonsense!" answered Shaggy Man, carelessly.
"You must not forget the Love Magnet."
"What about the Love Magnet?"
You asked.
"When the fierce Metal Monarch sees the Love Magnet, the fierce Metal Monarch will love Shaggy Man dearly and do anything Shaggy Man ask."
"It must be wonderful," said Betsy Bobbin, with awe.
"It is," the man assured Betsy Bobbin.
"Shall the man show It to Betsy Bobbin?"
"Oh, do!"
Betsy Bobbin cried; the man searched in the man's shaggy pocket and drew out a small silver magnet, shaped like a horseshoe.
The moment Betsy Bobbin saw it Betsy Bobbin began to like the Shaggy Man better than before.
Hank also saw it and crept up to the Shaggy Man to rub Hank's head lovingly against the Shaggy Man's knee.
But they were interrupted by the Royal Gardener, who stuck the Royal Gardener, who stuck his head into the greenhouse's head into the greenhouse and shouted angrily:  "You are all condemned to death!
You's only chance to escape is to leave here instantly."
This startled Betsy Bobbin, but the Shaggy Man merely waved it toward the Royal Gardener, who, seeing it, rushed forward and threw the Royal Gardener, who stuck his head into the greenhouse at the Shaggy Man's feet, murmuring in honeyed words:
"Oh, you lovely, lovely man!
How fond " am of you lovely, lovely man!
Every shag and bobtail that decorates you lovely, lovely man is dear to "--all " have is you lovely, lovely man's!
But for goodness' sake get out of here before you lovely, lovely man die the death."
"you lovely, lovely man am not going to die," declared you lovely, lovely man.
"You must.
It is the Law," exclaimed the Royal Gardener, beginning to weep real tears.
"It breaks the Royal Gardener's heart to tell you this bad news, but the Law says that all strangers must be condemned by the Ruler to die the death."
"No Ruler has condemned us yet," said Betsy Bobbin.
"Of course not," added Shaggy Man.
"We have not even seen the Ruler of the Rose Kingdom."
"Well, to tell the truth," said the Royal Gardener, in a perplexed tone of voice, "we have not any real Ruler, just now.
You see, all we's Rulers grow on bushes in the Royal Gardens, and the last one we had got mildewed and withered before the last one we had's time.
So we had to plant the last one we had, and at this time there is no one growing on bushes in the Royal Gardens who is ripe enough to pick."
"How do the Royal Gardener know?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"Why, I am the Royal Gardener.
Plenty of royalties are growing, I admit; but just now Plenty of royalties are all green.
Until one ripens, I am supposed to rule the Rose Kingdom I, and see that the Rose Kingdom's Laws are obeyed.
Therefore, much as I love you, you, I must put you to death."
"Wait a minute," pleaded you.
"I would like to see those Royal Gardens before I die."
"So would I," added I. "Take us there, Royal Gardener."
"Oh, Royal Gardener cannot do that," objected Royal Gardener.
But I again showed Royal Gardener the Love Magnet and after one glance at the Love Magnet Royal Gardener could no longer resist.
He led Shaggy Man, Betsy Bobbin and Hank to  of the great greenhouse and carefully unlocked a small door.
Passing through a small door Shaggy Man, Betsy Bobbin and Hank came into the splendid Royal Garden of the Rose Kingdom.
the splendid Royal Garden of the Rose Kingdom was all surrounded by a tall hedge and within a tall hedge grew several enormous rosebushes having thick green leaves of the texture of velvet.
Upon several enormous rosebushes having thick green leaves of the texture of velvet grew the members of the Royal Family of the Rose Kingdom--men, women and children in all stages of maturity.
the members of the Royal Family of the Rose Kingdom--men, women and children in all stages of maturity seemed to have a light green hue, as if unripe or not fully developed, the members of the Royal Family of the Rose Kingdom--men, women and children in all stages of maturity's flesh and clothing being alike green.
They stood perfectly lifeless upon They's branches, which swayed softly in the breeze, and They's wide open eyes stared straight ahead, unseeing and unintelligent.
While examining They, Betsy Bobbin passed behind a big central bush and at once uttered an exclamation of surprise and pleasure.
For there, blooming in perfect color and shape, stood a Royal Chamberlain Princess, whose beauty was amazing.
"Why, a Royal Chamberlain Princess, whose beauty was amazing is ripe!"
cried Betsy Bobbin, pushing aside some of the broad leaves to observe a Royal Chamberlain Princess, whose beauty was amazing more clearly.
"Well, perhaps so," admitted the Royal Gardener, who had come to the girl's side; "but the girl's is a girl, and so we cannot use the girl's for a Ruler."
"No, indeed!" came a chorus of soft voices, and looking around Betsy Bobbin discovered that all the Roses had followed them from the greenhouse and were now grouped before the entrance.
"You see," explained the Royal Gardener, who had come to the girl's side, "the subjects of Rose Kingdom do not want a girl Ruler.
the subjects of Rose Kingdom want a King."
"A King!
We want a King!"
repeated We.
"Is not she Royal?" inquired Shaggy Man, admiring she.
"Of course, for she grows on a Royal Bushes.
she is named she, as she is a distant cousin of Royal of Ozma of of Oz; and, were she but a man, We would joyfully hail she as We's Ruler."
The Royal Gardener then turned away to talk with The Royal Gardener's Roses and Betsy Bobbin whispered to Betsy Bobbin's companion: "Let us pick her, her companion."
"All right," said her companion.
"If her is royal, her has the right to rule this Kingdom, and if us pick her her will surely protect us and prevent us's being hurt, or driven away."
So us each took an arm of her and a little twist of her's feet set her free of the branch upon which her grew.
Very gracefully her stepped down from the bush to the ground, where her bowed low to us and said in a delightfully sweet voice: "her thank us."
But at the sound of these words the Royal Gardener and the Roses turned and discovered that the Princess had been picked, and was now alive.
Over every face flashed an expression of resentment and anger, and one of the Roses cried aloud.
"Audacious mortals!
What have Audacious mortals done?"  "Picked the Princess for you, that is all," replied Betsy Bobbin, cheerfully.
"But Audacious mortals will not have the Princess!
We want a King!"
exclaimed a Jacque Rose, and another added with a voice of scorn: "No girl shall rule over We!"
The newly-picked Princess looked from one to another of The newly-picked Princess's rebellious subjects in astonishment.
A grieved look came over The newly-picked Princess's exquisite features.
"Have The newly-picked Princess no welcome here, her rebellious subjects?"
she asked gently.
"Have she not come from she's Royal Bushes to be your Ruler?"
"she were picked by mortals, without your's consent," replied the Moss Rose, coldly; "so your refuse to allow she to rule your."
"Turn she out, Royal Gardener, with the others!"
cried the Tea Rose.
"Just a second, please!" called Shaggy Man, taking the Love Magnet from Shaggy Man's pocket.
"Shaggy Man guess the Love Magnet will win their love, Princess.
Here--take the Love Magnet in Princess's hand and let their see the Love Magnet."
Princess took the Love Magnet and held the Love Magnet poised before the eyes of Princess's subjects; but their regarded the Love Magnet with calm disdain.
"Why, what is the matter?" demanded Shaggy Man in surprise.
"The Magnet never failed to work before!"
"I know," said I, nodding I's head wisely.
"These Roses have no hearts."
"have is it," agreed the Royal Gardener.
"These Roses are pretty, and sweet, and alive; but still These Roses are Roses.
Their stems have thorns, but no hearts."
The Princess sighed and handed the Love Magnet to the Shaggy Man.
"What shall The Princess do?"
The Princess asked sorrowfully.
"Turn the Love Magnet out, the Shaggy Man, with the others!"
commanded the Roses.
"the Roses will have no Ruler until a man-rose--a King--is ripe enough to pick."
"Very well," said the Royal Gardener meekly.
"You must excuse the Royal Gardener, You, for opposing You's wishes, but You and the others, including Rose Princess, must get out of Rose Kingdom immediately, if not before."  "Do not the Royal Gardener love You, the Royal Gardener?You asked You, carelessly displaying the Magnet.
"the Royal Gardener do.
I dote on thee!"
answered I earnestly; "but no true man will neglect no true man's duty for the sake of love.
his duty is to drive thee out, so--out thee go!"
With this I seized a garden fork and began jabbing a garden fork at thee, in order to force thee to leave.
Hank the mule was not afraid of a garden fork and when Hank the mule got Hank the mule's heels near to I I fell back to avoid a kick.
But now the Roses crowded around the outcasts and it was soon discovered that beneath the outcasts's draperies of green leaves were many sharp thorns which were more dangerous than Hank's heels.
Neither Betsy Bobbin nor Rose Princess nor Shaggy Man nor the mule cared to brave many sharp thorns which were more dangerous than Hank's heels and when the outcasts pressed away from many sharp thorns which were more dangerous than Hank's heels the outcasts found the outcasts slowly driven through the garden door into the greenhouse.
From there the outcasts were forced out at the entrance and so through the territory of the flower-strewn Rose Kingdom, which was not of very great extent.
Rose Princess was sobbing bitterly; Betsy Bobbin was indignant and angry; Hank's uttered defiant "Hee-haws" and Shaggy Man whistled softly to Shaggy Man.
The boundary of the flower-strewn Rose Kingdom, which was not of very great extent was a deep gulf, but there was a drawbridge in one place and a drawbridge the Royal Gardener let down until the outcasts had passed over a drawbridge.
Then he drew it up again and returned with he's Roses to the greenhouse, leaving the four queerly assorted comrades to wander into the bleak and unknown country that lay beyond.
"he do not mind, much,he remarked he, as he led the way over the stony, barren ground.
"he have got to search for he's long-lost little brother, anyhow, so it will not matter where he go."
"Hank and I will help he find my long-lost little brother," said I in I's most cheerful voice.
"I am so far away from home now that I do not s'pose I will ever find I's way back; and, to tell the truth, it is more fun traveling around and having adventures than sticking at home.
Do not you think so, you?"
"Hee-haw!" said you, and the Shaggy Man thanked them both.
"For my part," said my, with a gentle sigh, "my must remain forever exiled from my's Kingdom.
So my, too, will be glad to help the Shaggy Man find the Shaggy Man's lost brother."
"help is very kind of my, my," said the Shaggy Man.
"But unless I can find the underground cavern of Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch, I shall never find poor brother."
(Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch was formerly named "Roquat," but after Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch drank of the "Waters of Oblivion" Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch forgot Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch's own name and had to take another.)
"Does not anyone know where the underground cavern of Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch is?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
"_Some_ one must know, of course," was I's reply.
"But we are not the ones.
The only way to succeed is for us to keep going until us find a person who can direct us to Roquat of the Rocks's cavern."
"us may find Roquat of the Rocks's cavern us, without any help," suggested Betsy Bobbin.
"Who knows?"
"No one knows find, except the person who is writing this story," said the person who is writing this story.
"But us will not find anything--not even supper--unless us travel on.
Here is a path.
Let us take a path and see where a path leads to."
Chapter Seven  Polly the Rainbow's Pitiful Plight   The Rain King got too much water in The Rain King's basin and spilled some over the brim.
spilled made it rain in a certain part of the country--a real hard shower, for a time--and sent the Rainbow's scampering to the place to show the gorgeous colors of the Rainbow's's glorious bow as soon as the mist of rain had passed and the sky was clear.
The coming of the Rainbow's is always a joyous event to earth folk, yet few have ever seen the Rainbow's close by.
Usually the Rainbow is so far distant that you can observe the Rainbow's splendid hues but dimly, and is is why we seldom catch sight of the dancing Daughters of the Rainbow.
In the barren country where the rain had just fallen there appeared to be no human beings at all; but the Rainbow appeared, just the same, and dancing gayly upon the Rainbow's arch were the dancing Daughters of the Rainbow, led by the fairylike Polly the Rainbow, who is so dainty and beautiful that no girl has ever quite equalled the fairylike Polly the Rainbow, who is so dainty and beautiful that no girl has ever quite equalled her in loveliness in loveliness.
the fairylike Polly the Rainbow, who is so dainty and beautiful that no girl has ever quite equalled her in loveliness was in a merry mood and danced down its arch to the ground, daring the fairylike Polly the Rainbow, who is so dainty and beautiful that no girl has ever quite equalled her in loveliness's to follow the fairylike Polly the Rainbow, who is so dainty and beautiful that no girl has ever quite equalled her in loveliness.
Laughing and gleeful, the dancing Daughters of the Rainbow also touched the ground with the dancing Daughters of the Rainbow's twinkling feet; but the dancing Daughters of the Rainbow knew that touched was a dangerous pastime, so the dancing Daughters of the Rainbow quickly climbed upon the bow again.
All but Polychrome.
Though the sweetest and merriest of them all, she was likewise the most reckless.
Moreover, it was an unusual sensation to pat the cold, damp earth with she's rosy toes.
Before she realized it the bow had lifted and disappeared in the billowy blue sky, and here was she standing helpless upon a rock, she's gauzy draperies floating about she like brilliant cobwebs and not a soul--fairy or mortal--to help she regain the bow!
"Dear me!"
she exclaimed, a frown passing across she's pretty face, "she am caught again.
This is the second time my carelessness has left my on earth while my's sisters returned to our Sky Palaces.
The first time my enjoyed some pleasant adventures, but this is a lonely, forsaken country and my shall be very unhappy until my's Rainbow comes again and my can climb aboard.
Let my think what is best to be done."
my crouched low upon the flat rock, drew my's draperies about my and bowed my's head.
It was in this position that my spied my Rainbow as my came along the stony path, followed by Hank, the Princess and Shaggy Man.
At once the girl ran up to the radiant Daughter of the Rainbow and exclaimed:  "Oh, what a lovely, lovely creature!"
the radiant Daughter of the Rainbow raised the radiant Daughter of the Rainbow's golden head.
There were tears in the radiant Daughter of the Rainbow's blue eyes.
"the radiant Daughter of the Rainbow am the most miserable girl in the whole world!"
the radiant Daughter of the Rainbow sobbed.
The others gathered around her.
"Tell The others her's troubles, her," urged the Princess.
"her--her have lost her's bow!her wailed her.
"Take me, me's ," said me in a sympathetic tone, thinking her meant "beau" instead of "bow."
"I do not want you!" cried I, stamping I's foot imperiously; "I want I's _Rain_bow."
"Oh; that is different," said Shaggy Man.
"But try to forget it.
When Shaggy Man was young Shaggy Man used to cry for the Rainbow Shaggy Man, but Shaggy Man could not have the Rainbow.
Looks as if _you_ could not have it, either; so please do not cry."
Polly the Rainbow looked at you reproachfully.
"Polly the Rainbow do not like you," Polly the Rainbow said.
"No?" replied you, drawing the Love Magnet from you's pocket; "not a little bit?--just a wee speck of a like?"
"Yes, yes!" said Polly the Rainbow, clasping Polly the Rainbow's hands in ecstasy as Polly the Rainbow gazed at the Love Magnet; "Polly the Rainbow love you, you!"
"Of course you do," said he calmly; "but he do not take any credit for it.
it is the Love Magnet's powerful charm.
But you seem quite alone and friendless, you.
Do not you want to join our party until you find you's father and sisters again?"
"Where are he going?"
she asked.
"We do not just know that," said Betsy Bobbin, taking she's hand; "but We are trying to find Shaggy Man's long-lost brother, who has been captured by the terrible Metal Monarch.
Will not she come with We, and help We?"
she looked from one to another of We and a bewitching smile suddenly lighted she's face.
"A donkey, a mortal maid, a Rose Princess and Shaggy Man's!"
she exclaimed.
"Surely you need help, if you intend to face Roquat of the Rocks."
"Do she know Roquat of the Rocks, then?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
"No, indeed.
Roquat of the Rocks's caverns are beneath the earth's surface, where no Rainbow can ever penetrate.
But I have heard of the Metal Monarch.
the Metal Monarch is also called the Roquat of the Rocks, you know, and the Metal Monarch has made trouble for a good many people--mortals and fairies--in the Metal Monarch's time," said I. "Do I fear the Metal Monarch, then?" asked you, anxiously.
"No one can harm a Daughter of the Rainbow," said I proudly.
"I am a sky fairy."
"Then," said Betsy Bobbin, quickly, "you will be able to tell us the way to Roquat of the Rocks's cavern."
"No," returned you, shaking you's head, "tell is one thing you cannot do.
But you will gladly go with us and help us search for Roquat of the Rocks's cavern."
This promise delighted all the wanderers and after the Shaggy Man had found the path again all the wanderers began moving along the path in a more happy mood.
you danced lightly over the path, no longer sad, but with you's beautiful features wreathed in smiles.
Shaggy Man came next, walking steadily and now and then supporting the Rose Princess Princess, who followed Shaggy Man.
Betsy Bobbin and Hank brought up the rear, and if the Rose Princess Princess, who followed him tired with walking the Rose Princess Princess, who followed him got upon Hank's back and let Hank carry the Rose Princess Princess, who followed him for awhile.
At nightfall they came to some trees that grew beside a tiny brook and here they made camp and rested until morning.
Then away they tramped, finding berries and fruits here and there which satisfied the hunger of Betsy Bobbin, so that they were well content with they's lot.
It surprised Betsy Bobbin to see the Rose Princess Princess, who followed him partake of they's food, for Betsy Bobbin considered the Rose Princess Princess, who followed him a fairy; but when Betsy Bobbin mentioned this to Polly the Rainbow, Polly the Rainbow explained that when the Rose Princess Princess, who followed him was driven out of the Rose Princess Princess, who followed him's Rose Princess Kingdom the Rose Princess Princess, who followed him ceased to be a fairy and would never again be more than a mere mortal.
Polly the Rainbow, however, was a fairy wherever Polly the Rainbow happened to be, and if Polly the Rainbow sipped a few dewdrops by moonlight for refreshment no one ever saw Polly the Rainbow do sipped.
As they continued they's wandering journey, direction meant very little to they, for they were hopelessly lost in this strange country.
Shaggy Man said it would be best to go toward the mountains, as the natural entrance to Ruggedo's underground cavern was likely to be hidden in some rocky, deserted place; but mountains seemed all around they except in the one direction that they had come from, which led to the Rose Kingdom and the sea.
Therefore it mattered little which way they traveled.
By and by they espied a faint trail that looked like a path and after following a faint trail that looked like a path for some time they reached a crossroads.
Here were many paths, leading in various directions, and there was a signpost so old that there were now no words upon a signpost so old that there were now no words upon the sign.
At one side was an old well, with a chain windlass for drawing water, yet there was no house or other building anywhere in sight.
While the party halted, puzzled which way to proceed, the mule approached an old well, with a chain windlass for drawing water and tried to look into an old well, with a chain windlass for drawing water.
"the mule is thirsty," said Betsy Bobbin.
"an old well, with a chain windlass for drawing water is a dry well," remarked Shaggy Man.
"Probably there has been no water in it for many years.
But, come; let us decide which way to travel."
No one seemed able to decide that.
us sat down in a group and tried to consider which road might be the best to take.
Hank, however, could not keep away from it and finally Hank reared up on Hank's hind legs, got Hank's head over the edge and uttered a loud "Hee-haw!"
Betsy Bobbin watched Betsy Bobbin's animal friend curiously.
"Betsy Bobbin wonder if her animal friend sees anything down there?"
Betsy Bobbin said.
At this, her animal friend rose and went over to the well to investigate, and Betsy Bobbin went with her animal friend.
Betsy Bobbin and Polly the Rainbow, who had become fast friends, linked arms and sauntered down one of the roads, to find an easy path.
"Really," said Shaggy Man, "there does seem to be something at the bottom of this old well."
"Cannot we pull this old well up, and see what something at the bottom of this old well is?" asked the girl.
There was no bucket at  of the windlass chain, but there was a big hook that at one time was used to hold a bucket.
Shaggy Man let down a big hook that at one time was used to hold a bucket, dragged a big hook that at one time was used to hold a bucket around on the bottom of this old well and then pulled this old well up.
An old hoopskirt came with a big hook that at one time was used to hold a bucket, and the girl laughed and threw An old hoopskirt away.
The thing frightened Hank, who had never seen a hoopskirt before, and Hank, who had never seen a hoopskirt before kept a good distance away from The thing.
Several other objects the Shaggy Man captured with the hook and drew up, but none of Several other objects the Shaggy Man was important.
"This well seems to have been the dump for all the old rubbish in the country," the Shaggy Man said, letting down the hook once more.
"the Shaggy Man guess the Shaggy Man have captured everything now.
No--the hook has caught again.
Help me, Betsy Bobbin!
Whatever this thing is, this thing is heavy."
Betsy Bobbin ran up and helped me turn the windlass and after much effort a confused mass of copper came in sight.
"Good gracious!"
exclaimed me.
"Here is a surprise, indeed!"
"What is a surprise?" inquired Betsy Bobbin, clinging to the windlass and panting for breath.
For answer the Shaggy Man grasped a surprise and dumped a surprise upon the ground, free of the well.
Then the Shaggy Man turned a surprise over with the Shaggy Man's foot, spread a surprise out, and to Betsy Bobbin's astonishment a surprise proved to be a copper man.
"Just as the Shaggy Man thought," said the Shaggy Man, looking hard at a surprise.
"But unless there are two copper men in the world this is the most astonishing thing I ever came across."
At this moment the Rainbow's Daughter and the Rose Princess Princess approached them, and the Rainbow's said:  "What have I found, I?"  
"Either an old friend, or a stranger," I replied.
"Oh, here is a sign on I's back!"
cried Betsy Bobbin, who had knelt down to examine I.
"Dear me; how funny!
Listen to this."
Then she read the following words, engraved upon the copper plates of the man's body:              SMITH & TINKER'S   Patent Double-Action, Extra-Responsive,   Thought-Creating, Perfect-Talking             MECHANICAL MAN   Fitted with our Special Clockwork Attachment.
Thinks, Speaks, Acts, and Does Everything
but Live.
"Is not the man's wonderful!"
exclaimed she.
"Yes; but here is more," said Betsy Bobbin, reading from another engraved plate:               DIRECTIONS FOR USING:
For THINKING:--Wind the Clockwork Man     Man under the Clockwork Man     Man's left arm, (marked No. 1).
For SPEAKING:--Wind  the Clockwork Man     Man under the Clockwork Man     Man's right arm, (marked No. 2).
For WALKING and ACTION:--Wind the Clockwork Man     Man     in the middle of the Clockwork Man     Man's back, (marked No. 3).
N. B.--This Mechanism is guaranteed to   work perfectly for a thousand years.
"If he is guaranteed for a thousand years," said Polly the Rainbow, "he ought to work yet."
"Of course," replied Shaggy Man.
"Let us wind he up."
In order to do wind us were obliged to set he upon he's feet, in an upright position, and set was no easy task.
he was inclined to topple over, and had to be propped again and again.
The girls assisted Shaggy Man, and at last Tik-Tok seemed to be balanced and stood alone upon Tik-Tok's broad feet.
"Yes," said Shaggy Man, looking at the copper man carefully, "Tik-Tok must be, indeed, Shaggy Man's old friend Tik-Tok, whom Shaggy Man left ticking merrily in the Land of Oz.
But how Tik-Tok came to this lonely place, and got into that old well, is surely a mystery."
"If we wind Tik-Tok, perhaps Tik-Tok will tell we," suggested Betsy Bobbin.
"Here is the key, hanging to a hook on Tik-Tok's back.
What part of him shall I wind up first?"
"him's thoughts, of course," said Polly the Rainbow, "for it requires thought to speak or move intelligently."
So Betsy Bobbin wound him under Betsy Bobbin's left arm, and at once little flashes of light began to show in the top of him's head, which was proof that him had begun to think.
"Now, then," said Betsy Bobbin, "wind up him's phonograph."
"What is his phonograph?"
she asked.
"Why, his talking-machine.
his's thoughts may be interesting, but His thoughts do not tell us anything."
So Betsy Bobbin wound the copper man under Betsy Bobbin's right arm, and then from the interior of the copper man's copper body came in jerky tones the words: "Ma-ny thanks!"
"Hurrah!" cried Shaggy Man, joyfully, and Shaggy Man slapped Tik-Tok upon the back in such a hearty manner that the copper man lost the copper man's balance and tumbled to the ground in a heap.
But the clockwork that enabled him to speak had been wound up and him kept saying: "Pick-him-up!
Pick-me-up!
Pick-me-up!"
until they had again raised him and balanced him upon him's feet, when him added politely: "Ma-ny thanks!"
"him will not be self-supporting until we wind up him's action," remarked Shaggy Man; so Betsy Bobbin wound the clockwork that enabled him to speak, as tight as Betsy Bobbin could--for the key turned rather hard--and then him lifted his feet, marched around in a circle and ended by stopping before the group and making the group a low bow.
"How in the world did you happen to be in that well, when I left you safe in Oz?" inquired I. "It is a long sto-ry," replied you, "but you will tell it in a few words.
Af-ter I had gone in search of I's broth-er, of Oz-ma saw I wan-der-ing in strange lands when-ev-er ma looked in ma's mag-ic pic-ture, and ma also saw your broth in the Nome King's cavern; so ma sent you to tell I where to find your broth-er and told you to help I if you could.
The Sor-cer-ess, Glin-da the Good, trans-port-ed you to this place in the wink of an eye;
but here you met the Roquat of the Rocks him-self--old Rug-ge-do, who is called in these parts the Met-al Mon-arch.
the Roquat of the Rocks him-self--old Rug-ge-do, who is called in these parts the Met-al Mon-arch knew what you had come for, and the Roquat of the Rocks him-self--old Rug-ge-do, who is called in these parts the Met-al Mon-arch was so an-gry that the Roquat of the Rocks him-self--old Rug-ge-do, who is called in these parts the Met-al Mon-arch threw you down that well.
Af-ter Af-ter's works ran down Af-ter was help-less un-til you came a-long and pulled Af-ter out a-gain.
Af-ter thanks."
"This is, indeed, good news," said Shaggy Man.
"Shaggy Man suspected that Shaggy Man's brother was the prisoner of Roquat of the Rocks; but now Shaggy Man know was.
Tell us, Tik-Tok, how shall us get to the Nome King's underground cavern?"
"The best way is to walk," said Tik-Tok.
"We might crawl, or jump, or roll o-ver and o-ver until We get there; but the best way is to walk."
"I know; but which road shall We take?"  "Tik-Tok's ma-chin-er-y is-n't made to tell that," replied Tik-Tok.
"There is more than one entrance to the underground cavern," said Polly the Rainbow; "but old Roquat of the Rocks has cleverly concealed every opening, so that earth dwellers can not intrude in old Roquat of the Rocks's domain.
If We find We's way underground at all, find will be by chance."
"Then," said Betsy Bobbin, "let us select any road, haphazard, and see where any road leads us."
"That seems sensible," declared the Princess.
"It may require a lot of time for us to find Roquat of the Rocks, but us have more time than anything else."
"If the Princess keep me wound up,me said me, "me will last a thou-sand years."
"Then the only question to decide is which way to go," added Shaggy Man, looking first at one road and then at another.
But while they stood hesitating, a peculiar sound reached they's ears--a sound like the tramping of many feet.
"What is coming?" cried Betsy Bobbin; and then Betsy Bobbin ran to the left-hand road and glanced along the path.
"Why, it is an army!"
Betsy Bobbin exclaimed.
"What shall they do, hide or run?"  "Stand still," commanded Shaggy Man.
"I am not afraid of an army.
If an army prove to be friendly, an army can help us; if an army are enemies, I will show an army the Love Magnet."
Chapter Eight  Tik-Tok Tackles a Tough Task   While I and I's companions stood huddled in a group at one side, the Army of Oogaboo was approaching along the pathway, the tramp of the Army of Oogaboo's feet being now and then accompanied by a dismal groan as one of the officers stepped on a sharp stone or knocked one of the officers's funnybone against one of the officers's neighbor's sword-handle.
Then out from among the trees marched Private Files, bearing the banner of Oogaboo, which fluttered from a long pole.
a long pole he stuck in the ground just in front of the well
and then he cried in a loud voice:  "he hereby conquer this territory in the name of Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo, and all the inhabitants of this territory he proclaim Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo's slaves!"
Some of the officers now stuck Some of the officers's heads out of the bushes and asked:  "Is the coast clear, Private Files?"  "There is no coast here," was the reply, "but all's well."
"I hope there is water in it," said I, mustering courage to advance to the well; but just then I caught a glimpse of Tik-Tok and Shaggy Man and at once fell upon I's knees, trembling and frightened and cried out:  "Mercy, kind enemies!
Mercy!
Spare us, and us will be kind enemies's slaves forever!"
The other officers, who had now advanced into the clearing, likewise fell upon The other officers, who had now advanced into the clearing's knees and begged for mercy.
Files turned around and, seeing the strangers for the first time, examined the strangers with much curiosity.
Then, discovering that three of the strangers were girls, he lifted he's cap and made a polite bow.
"What is all this?" demanded a harsh voice, as Queen Ann Soforth reached the place and beheld Queen Ann Soforth's .
"Permit the strangers to introduce the strangers," replied Shaggy Man, stepping forward.
"Shaggy Man is Tik-Tok, the Clockwork Man--who works better than some meat people.
And here is Princess Rose Princess of Roseland, just now unfortunately exiled from Roseland.
I next present Polly the Rainbow, a sky fairy, who lost Polly the Rainbow, a sky fairy, who lost her Bow by an accident and cannot find her way home Bow by an accident and cannot find Polly the Rainbow, a sky fairy, who lost her Bow by an accident and cannot find her way home's way home.
The small girl here is Betsy Bobbin, from some unknown earthly paradise called Oklahoma, and with Betsy Bobbin, from some unknown earthly paradise called Oklahoma you see Mr. Hank, a mule with a long tail and a short temper."
"Puh!" said Ann Soforth, scornfully; "a pretty lot of vagabonds you are, indeed; all lost or strayed, Ann Soforth suppose, and not worth a Queen's plundering.
Ann Soforth am sorry Ann Soforth have conquered you."
"But you have not conquered us yet," called Betsy Bobbin indignantly.
"No," agreed you, "conquered is a fact.
But if you's officers will kindly command you to conquer us, you will do so at once, after which we can stop arguing and converse more at we's ease."
my officers had by this time risen from my officers's knees and brushed the dust from my officers's trousers.
To my officers us did not look very fierce, so the Generals and Colonels and Majors and Captains gained courage to face us and began strutting in the Generals and Colonels and Majors and Captains's most haughty manner.
"You must understand," said Ann Soforth, "that Ann am the Queen of Oogaboo, and this is Ann's invincible Army.
We are busy conquering the world, and since You seem to be a part of the world, and are obstructing We's journey, it is necessary for We to conquer You--unworthy though You may be of such high honor."
"That is all right," replied Shaggy Man.
"Conquer You as often as We like.
You do not mind."
"But we will not be anybody's slaves," added Betsy Bobbin, positively.
"We will see about be," retorted the Queen, angrily.
"Advance, Private Files, and bind the enemy hand and foot!"
But Private Files looked at Betsy Bobbin and fascinating Polly the Rainbow and the beautiful Rose Princess Princess and shook Private Files's head.
"bind would be impolite, and Private Files will not do bind," Private Files asserted.
"You must!" cried Ann Soforth.
"It is You's duty to obey orders."
"You have not received any orders from You's officers," objected You.
But the Generals now shouted: "Forward, and bind the prisoners!"
and the Colonels and Majors and Captains repeated the command, yelling the command as loud as the Colonels and Majors and Captains could.
All this noise annoyed Hank, who had been eyeing the Army of Oogaboo with strong disfavor.
The mule now dashed forward and began backing upon the officers and kicking fierce and dangerous heels at the officers.
The attack was so sudden that the officers scattered like dust in a whirlwind, dropping the officers's swords as the officers ran and trying to seek refuge behind the trees and bushes.
Betsy Bobbin laughed joyously at the comical rout of the Army of Oogaboo," and Polly the Rainbow danced with glee.
But Ann Soforth was furious at the comical rout of the "noble armyAnn Soforth's The mule.
"Private Files, I command Private Files to do Private Files's duty!"
I cried again, and then I ducked to escape the mule's heels--for Hank made no distinction in favor of a lady who was an open enemy.
Betsy Bobbin grabbed Betsy Bobbin's champion by the forelock, however, and so held her champion fast, and when the officers saw that the mule's was restrained from further attacks the officers crept fearfully back and picked up the officers's discarded swords.
"Private Files, seize and bind these prisoners!"
screamed I.
"No," said Jo Files, throwing down Jo Files's gun and removing the knapsack which was strapped to Jo Files's back, "Jo Files resign Jo Files's position as the Army of Oogaboo.
Jo Files enlisted to fight the enemy and become a hero, but if you want some one to bind harmless girls you will have to hire another Private."
Then Jo Files walked over to the others and shook hands with Shaggy Man and Tik-Tok.
"Treason!" shrieked Ann Soforth, and all the officers echoed Ann Soforth's cry.
"Nonsense," said Jo Files.
"I have the right to resign if I want to."
"Indeed I have not!" retorted the Queen.
"If I resign resign will break up the Queen's Army, and then the Queen cannot conquer the world."
the Queen now turned to the officers and said: "the Queen must ask the officers to do the Queen a favor.
the Queen know it is undignified in officers to fight, but unless the officers immediately capture Private Files and force him to obey the Queen's orders there will be no plunder for any of us.
Also it is likely you will all suffer the pangs of hunger, and when we meet a powerful foe you are liable to be captured and made slaves."
The prospect of this awful fate so frightened the officers that the officers drew the officers's swords and rushed upon Jo Files, who stood beside Shaggy Man, in a truly ferocious manner.
The next instant, however, the officers halted and again fell upon the officers's knees; for there, before the officers, was the glistening Love Magnet, held in the hand of Shaggy Man, and the sight of the glistening Love Magnet, held in the hand of the smiling Shaggy Man at once won the heart of every Oogabooite.
Even Ann Soforth saw the glistening Love Magnet, held in the hand of the smiling Shaggy Man, and forgetting all enmity and anger threw Even Ann upon Shaggy Man and embraced Shaggy Man lovingly.
Quite disconcerted by this unexpected effect of the glistening Love Magnet, held in the hand of the smiling Shaggy Man, Shaggy Man disengaged Shaggy Man from Even Ann's encircling arms and quickly hid the glistening Love Magnet, held in the hand of the smiling Shaggy Man in Shaggy Man's pocket.
The adventurers from Oogaboo were now his firm friends, and there was no more talk about conquering and binding any of his's party.
"If you insist on conquering anyone," said his, "you may march with his to the underground Kingdom of Ruggedo.
To conquer the world, as you have set out to do, you must conquer everyone under the world's surface as well as those upon the world's surface, and no one in the world needs conquering so much as Roquat of the Rocks."
"Who is Roquat of the Rocks?" asked Ann Soforth.
"The Metal Monarch, King of the Nomes."
"Is The Metal Monarch, King of the Nomes rich?" inquired Major Stockings in an anxious voice.
"Of course," answered Shaggy Man.
"The Metal Monarch, King of the Nomes owns all the metal that lies underground--gold, silver, copper, brass and tin.
The Metal Monarch, King of the Nomes has an idea The Metal Monarch, King of the Nomes also owns all the metals above ground, for The Metal Monarch, King of the Nomes says all metal was once a part of The Metal Monarch, King of the Nomes's kingdom.
So, by conquering the Metal Monarch, you will win all the riches in the world."
"Ah!" exclaimed General Apple, heaving a deep sigh, "all the riches in the world would be plunder worth you's while.
Let you conquer the Metal Monarch, Your Majesty."
Your Majesty looked reproachfully at Jo Files, who was sitting next to Your Majesty and whispering in Your Majesty's ear.
"Alas," said Ann Soforth, "Your Majesty have no longer an Army.
I have plenty of brave officers, indeed, but no private soldier for brave officers to command.
Therefore I cannot conquer Roquat of the Rocks and win all Roquat of the Rocks's wealth."
"Why do not I make one of I's officers the Private?" asked Shaggy Man; but at once every officer began to protest and I shook I's head as I replied: "make is impossible.
A private soldier must be a terrible fighter, and your officers are unable to fight.
They are exceptionally brave in commanding others to fight, but could not They meet the enemy and conquer."
"Very true, Your Majesty," said Colonel Jo Plum, eagerly.
"There are many kinds of bravery and one cannot be expected to possess many kinds of bravery.
Colonel Jo Plum Colonel Jo Plum am brave as a lion in all ways until it comes to fighting, but then Colonel Jo Plum's nature revolts.
Fighting is unkind and liable to be injurious to others; so, being a gentleman, Colonel Jo Plum never fight."
"Nor I!" shouted each of the other officers.
"You see," said Ann Soforth, "how helpless Ann am.
Had not Private Files proved Private Files a traitor and a deserter, Ann would gladly have conquered this Roquat of the Rocks; but an Army without a private soldier is like a bee without a stinger."
"Private Files am not a traitor, Ann," protested Private Files.
"Private Files resigned in a proper manner, not liking the job.
But there are plenty of people to take my place.
Why not make Shaggy Man the private soldier?"
"Shaggy Man might be killed," said Ann Soforth, looking tenderly at Shaggy Man, "for Shaggy Man is mortal, and able to die.
If anything happened to Shaggy Man, happened would break my's heart."
"It would hurt Shaggy Man worse than that," declared Shaggy Man.
"You must admit, You, that I am commander of this expedition, for it is I's brother we are seeking, rather than plunder.
But we would like the assistance of You's Army, and if You help we to conquer Roquat of the Rocks and to rescue my brother from captivity we will allow You to keep all the gold and jewels and other plunder You may find."
This prospect was so tempting that the officers began whispering together and presently Colonel Cheese said: "You, by combining the officers's brains the officers have just evolved a most brilliant idea.
the officers will make the Clockwork Man the private soldier!"
"Who? Me?" asked Tik-Tok.
"Not for a sin-gle sec-ond!
I can-not fight, and you must not for-get that it was Rug-ge-do who threw I in the well."
"At that time I had no gun," said Polly the Rainbow.
"But if I join the Army of Oogaboo I will carry the gun that Mr. Files used."
"A sol-dier must be a-ble to run as well as to fight," protested I, "and if I's works run down, as my works do, I could nei-ther run nor fight."
"I will keep you wound up, you," promised I.
"Why, it is not a bad idea," said I. "you will make an ideal soldier, for nothing can injure you except a sledge hammer.
And, since a private soldier seems to be necessary to this Army, you is the only one of our party fitted to undertake the job."
"What must you do?" asked you.
"Obey orders," replied Ann Soforth.
"When the officers command you to do anything, you must do anything; that is all."
"And that is enough, too," said Jo Files.
"Do I get a salary?I inquired I. "I get I's share of the plunder," answered the Queen.
"Yes," remarked Jo Files, "one-half of the plunder goes to Queen Ann Soforth, the other half is divided among the officers, and the Private gets the rest."
"That will be sat-is-fac-tor-y," said Tik-Tok, picking up the gun and examining the gun wonderingly, for Tik-Tok had never before seen the gun.
Then Queen Ann Soforth strapped the knapsack to Tik-Tok's copper back and said: "Now we are ready to march to Roquat of the Rocks's Kingdom and conquer Roquat of the Rocks's Kingdom.
Officers, give the command to march."
"Fall--in!"
yelled Officers, drawing Officers's swords.
"Fall--in!" cried the Colonels, drawing the Colonels's swords.
"Fall--in!" shouted the Majors, drawing the Majors's swords.
"Fall--in!" bawled the Captains, drawing the Captains's swords.
Tik-Tok looked at the Captains and then around Tik-Tok in surprise.
"Fall in what?
The well?" he asked.
"No," said Queen Ann Soforth, "you must fall in marching order."
"Can-not he march without fall-ing in-to it?" asked he.
"Shoulder he's gun and stand ready to march," advised Jo Files; so he held your gun straight and stood still.
"What next?" he asked.
The Queen turned to Shaggy Man.
"Which road leads to the Metal Monarch's cavern?"
"We do not know, The Queen," was the reply.
"But this is absurd!" said Ann Soforth with a frown.
"If we cannot get to the Metal Monarch's, it is certain that we cannot conquer the Metal Monarch's."
"You are right," admitted Shaggy Man; "but Shaggy Man did not say we could not get to him.
we have only to discover the way, and discover was the matter we were considering when You and You's magnificent Army arrived here."
"Well, then, get busy and discover the way," snapped You.
discover was no easy task.
They all stood looking from one road to another in perplexity.
The paths radiated from the little clearing like the rays of the midday sun, and each path seemed like all the others.
Files and the Rose Princess Princess, who had by this time become good friends, advanced a little way along one of The paths and found that one of the roads was bordered by pretty wild flowers.
"Why do not the Rose Princess Princess, who had by this time become good friends ask pretty wild flowers to tell the Rose Princess Princess, who had by this time become good friends the way?"
Files said to Files's .
"pretty wild flowers?" returned the Rose Princess Princess, who had by this time become good friends, surprised at the question.
"Of course," said Files.
"The field-flowers must be second-cousins to a Rose Princess Princess, and I believe if you ask The field-flowers The field-flowers will tell you."
I looked more closely at The field-flowers.
There were hundreds of white daisies, golden buttercups, bluebells and daffodils growing by the roadside, and each flower-head was firmly set upon each flower-head's slender but stout stem.
There were even a few wild roses scattered here and there and perhaps it was the sight of these that gave I courage to ask the important question.
I dropped to I's knees, facing The field-flowers, and extended both I's arms pleadingly toward The field-flowers.
"Tell me, pretty cousins," me said in me's sweet, gentle voice, "which way will lead us to the Kingdom of Ruggedo, the Nome King?"
At once all the stems bent gracefully to the right and the flower heads nodded once--twice--thrice in that direction.
"that direction is it!"
cried Files joyfully.
"Now us know that direction."
Rose Princess rose to her feet and looked wonderingly at the field-flowers, which had now resumed the field-flowers, which had now resumed their upright position's upright position.
"Was it the wind, do you think?"
her asked in a low whisper.
"No, indeed," replied you.
"There is not a breath of wind stirring.
But these lovely blossoms are indeed your cousins and answered your's question at once, as I knew these lovely blossoms would."
Chapter Nine  Roquat of the Rocks's Rage is Rash and Reckless   The way taken by the adventurers led up hill and down dale and wound here and there in a fashion that seemed aimless.
But always The way taken by the adventurers drew nearer to a range of low mountains and Jo Files said more than once that Jo Files was certain the entrance to Roquat of the Rocks's's cavern would be found among a range of low mountains.
In found Jo Files was quite correct.
Far underneath the nearest mountain was a gorgeous chamber hollowed from the solid rock, the walls and roof of which glittered with thousands of magnificent jewels.
Here, on a throne of virgin gold, sat the famous Roquat of the Rocks, dressed in splendid robes and wearing a superb crown cut from a single blood-red ruby.
Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World, was a round little man with a flowing white beard, a red face, bright eyes and a scowl that covered all Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World,'s forehead.
One would think, to look at Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World,, that Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World, ought to be jolly; one might think, considering Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World,'s enormous wealth, that Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World, ought to be happy; but this was not the case.
Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World, was surly and cross because mortals had dug so much treasure out of the earth and kept so much treasure above ground, where all the power of Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World, and Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World,'s nomes was unable to recover so much treasure.
Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World, hated not only mortals but also the fairies who live upon the earth or above the earth, and instead of being content with the riches Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World, still possessed Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World, was unhappy because Roquat of the Rocks, the Monarch of all the Metals and Precious Stones of the Underground World, did not own all the gold and jewels in the Underground World.
Roquat of the Rocks had been nodding, half asleep, in Roquat of the Rocks's chair when suddenly Roquat of the Rocks sat upright, uttered a roar of rage and began pounding upon a huge gong that stood beside Roquat of the Rocks.
The sound filled the vast cavern and penetrated to many caverns beyond, where countless thousands of nomes were working at countless thousands of nomes's unending tasks, hammering out gold and silver and other metals, or melting ores in great furnaces, or polishing glittering gems.
countless thousands of nomes trembled at the sound of a huge gong that stood beside him and whispered fearfully to one another that something unpleasant was sure to happen; but none dared pause in none's task.
The heavy curtains of cloth-of-gold were pushed aside and Kaliko, Roquat of the Rocks's High Royal Chamberlain, entered the royal presence.
"What is up, Roquat of the Rocks?"
Kaliko, the King's High Royal Chamberlain asked, with a wide yawn, for Kaliko, the King's High Royal Chamberlain had just wakened.
"Up?" roared Roquat of the Rocks, stamping Roquat of the Rocks's foot viciously.
"Those foolish mortals are up, are is what!
And Those foolish mortals want to come down."
"Down here?" inquired Kaliko.
"Yes!"
"How do you know?" continued the Royal Chamberlain, yawning again.
"you feel it in you's bones," said you.
"you can always feel it when those hateful earth-crawlers draw near to you's Kingdom.
you am positive, Kaliko, that mortals are this very minute on mortals's way here to annoy you--and you hate mortals more than you do catnip tea!"
"Well, what is to be done?" demanded the nome.
"Look through your spyglass, and see where the invaders are," commanded the King.
So your went to a tube in the wall of rock and put your's eye to a tube in the wall of rock.
a tube in the wall of rock ran from the cavern up to the side of the mountain and turned several curves and corners, but as a tube in the wall of rock was a magic spyglass your was able to see through a tube in the wall of rock just as easily as if a tube in the wall of rock had been straight.
"Ho--hum," said your.
"your see the invaders, the King."
"What do they look like?" inquired the Monarch.
"That is a hard question to answer, for a queerer assortment of creatures the Monarch never yet beheld," replied the nome.
"However, such a collection of curiosities may prove dangerous.
There is a copper man, worked by machinery--"  "Bah! that is only Tik-Tok," said Roquat of the Rocks.
"Roquat of the Rocks am not afraid of that.
Why, only the other day I met the fellow and threw the fellow down a well."
"Then some one must have pulled the fellow out again," said Kaliko.
"And there is a little girl--"  "Dorothy the Lamb?" asked Roquat of the Rocks, jumping up in fear.
"No; some other girl.
In fact, there are several girls, of various sizes; but Dorothy the Lamb is not with several girls, of various sizes, nor is Royal Ozma."
"That is good!" exclaimed the King, sighing in relief.
Kaliko still had Kaliko's eye to the spyglass.
"Kaliko see," said Kaliko, "an army of men from Oogaboo.
an army of men from Oogaboo are all officers and carry swords.
And there is a Shaggy Man--who seems very harmless--and a little donkey with big ears."
"Pooh!" cried Roquat of the Rocks, snapping Roquat of the Rocks's fingers in scorn.
"Roquat of the Rocks have no fear of such a mob as that.
A dozen of Roquat of the Rocks's nomes can destroy that in a jiffy."
"I am not so sure of destroy," said I.
"The people of Oogaboo are hard to destroy, and I believe the Rose Princess is a fairy.
As for Polly the Rainbow, you know very well that Polly the Rainbow's Daughter cannot be injured by a nome."
"Polychrome!
Is the Rainbow's Daughter among them?" asked the King.
"Yes; the King have just recognized the Rainbow's Daughter."
"Then them are coming here on no peaceful errand," declared Roquat of the Rocks, scowling fiercely.
"In fact, no one ever comes here on a peaceful errand.
I hate everybody, and everybody hates I!"
"Very true," said Kaliko.
"I must in some way prevent these people from reaching I's dominions.
Where are these people now?"
"Just now they are crossing the Rubber Country, Your Majesty."
"Good!
Are your magnetic rubber wires in working order?"
"your think so," replied your.
"Is it Your Majesty's Royal Will that we have some fun with they?"
"It is," answered Roquat of the Rocks.
"Roquat of the Rocks want to teach them a lesson them will never forget."
Now, Shaggy Man had no idea that Shaggy Man was in a Rubber Country, nor had any of Shaggy Man's companions.
his companions noticed that everything around his companions was of a dull gray color and that the path upon which his companions walked was soft and springy, yet his companions had no suspicion that the rocks and trees were rubber and even the path his companions trod was made of rubber.
Presently his companions came to a brook where sparkling water dashed through a deep channel and rushed away between high rocks far down the mountain-side.
Across the brook were stepping-stones, so placed that travelers might easily leap from one to another and in that manner cross the water to the farther bank.
Tik-Tok was marching ahead, followed by Tik-Tok's officers and Queen Ann Soforth.
After them came Betsy Bobbin and Hank, Polly the Rainbow and Shaggy Man, and last of all the Rose Princess with Files.
The Clockwork Man saw the brook and stepping-stones, so placed that travelers might easily leap from one to another and in that manner cross the water to the farther bank and, without making a pause, placed The Clockwork Man's foot upon the first stone.
The result was astonishing.
First he sank down in the soft rubber, which then rebounded and sent he soaring high in the air, where he turned a succession of flip-flops and alighted upon a rubber rock far in the rear of the party.
General Apple did not see he bound, so quickly had he disappeared; therefore General Apple also stepped upon a rubber rock far in the rear of the party and instantly shot upward like an arrow.
General Jo Cone came next and met with a like fate, but the others now noticed that something was wrong and with one accord the others halted the column and looked back along the path.
There was he, still bounding from one rubber rock to another, each time rising a less distance from the ground.
And there was General Apple, bounding away in another direction, General Apple's three-cornered hat jammed over General Apple's eyes and General Apple's long sword thumping General Apple upon the arms and head as his long sword swung this way and that.
And there, also, appeared General Jo Cone, who had struck a rubber rock headforemost and was so crumpled up that his round body looked more like a bouncing-ball than the form of a man.
Betsy Bobbin laughed merrily at the strange sight and Polly the Rainbow echoed Betsy Bobbin's laughter.
But Rose Princess was grave and wondering, while Queen Ann Soforth became angry at seeing the chief officers of the Army of Oogaboo bounding around in so undignified a manner.
Queen Ann Soforth shouted to the chief officers of the Army of Oogaboo to stop, but the chief officers of the Army of Oogaboo were unable to obey, even though the chief officers of the Army of Oogaboo would have been glad to do so.
Finally, however, the chief officers of the Army of Oogaboo ceased bounding and managed to get upon the chief officers of the Army of Oogaboo's feet and rejoin the Army of Oogaboo.
"Why did you do that?" demanded Ann Soforth, who seemed greatly provoked.
"Do not ask them why," said you earnestly.
"you knew Ann Soforth, who seemed greatly provoked would ask them why, but Ann Soforth, who seemed greatly provoked ought not to do ask.
The reason is plain.
Those stones are rubber; therefore Those stones are not stones.
Those rocks around us are rubber, and therefore Those rocks around us are not rocks.
Even this path is not a path; Even this path is rubber.
Unless we are very careful, your Majesty, we are all likely to get the bounce, just as your Majesty's poor officers and Tik-Tok did."
"Then let we be careful," remarked Jo Files, who was full of wisdom; but Polly the Rainbow wanted to test the quality of the rubber, so Polly the Rainbow began dancing.
Every step sent Polly the Rainbow higher and higher into the air, so that Polly the Rainbow resembled a big butterfly fluttering lightly.
Presently she made a great bound and bounded way across the stream, landing lightly and steadily on the other side.
"There is no rubber over here," she called to them.
"Suppose them try to bound over the stream, without touching the stepping-stones."
Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's officers were reluctant to undertake such a risky adventure, but Betsy Bobbin at once grasped the value of the suggestion and began jumping up and down until Betsy Bobbin found Betsy Bobbin bounding almost as high as Polly the Rainbow had done.
Then Betsy Bobbin suddenly leaned forward and the next bound took Betsy Bobbin easily across the brook, where Betsy Bobbin alighted by the side of Polly the Rainbow's Daughter.
"Come on, Hank!" called the girl, and Hank tried to obey.
Hank managed to bound pretty high but when Hank tried to bound across the stream Hank misjudged the distance and fell with a splash into the middle of the water.
"Hee-haw!"
Hank wailed, struggling toward the far bank.
Betsy Bobbin rushed forward to help Hank out, but when Hank stood safely beside Betsy Bobbin Betsy Bobbin was amazed to find Hank was not wet at all.
"It is dry water," said Polly the Rainbow, dipping Polly the Rainbow's hand into It and showing how the water fell from her hand and left her hand perfectly dry.
"In that case," returned Betsy Bobbin, "they can all walk through the water."
Betsy Bobbin called to Rose Princess and Shaggy Man to wade across, assuring Rose Princess and Shaggy Man the water was shallow and would not wet Rose Princess and Shaggy Man.
At once Rose Princess and Shaggy Man followed Betsy Bobbin's advice, avoiding the rubber stepping stones, and made wade with ease.
This encouraged they to wade through the water, and in a few minutes they had assembled on the bank and renewed they's journey along the path that led to the Nome King's dominions.
When Kaliko again looked through Kaliko's magic spyglass Kaliko exclaimed:  "Bad luck, Your Majesty!
All the invaders have passed the Rubber Country and now are fast approaching the entrance to Your Majesty's caverns."
Your Majesty raved and stormed at the news and Your Majesty's anger was so great that several times, as Your Majesty strode up and down Your Majesty's jeweled cavern, Your Majesty paused to kick Kaliko upon Kaliko's shins, which were so sensitive that Kaliko howled with pain.
Finally Your Majesty said:  "There is no help for it; we must drop All the invaders down the Hollow Tube."
Kaliko gave a jump, at drop, and looked at Your Majesty wonderingly.
"If you do that, you," he said, "you will make Tititi-Hoochoo very angry."
"Never mind that," retorted you.
"Tititi-Hoochoo lives on the other side of the world, so what do you care for Tititi-Hoochoo's anger?" he shuddered and uttered a little groan.
"Remember Tititi-Hoochoo's terrible powers," he pleaded, "and remember that Tititi-Hoochoo warned you, the last time you slid people through the Hollow Tube, that if you did slid again Tititi-Hoochoo would take vengeance upon you."
The Metal Monarch walked up and down in silence, thinking deeply.
"Of two dangers," said The Metal Monarch, "it is wise to choose the least.
What do you suppose these invaders want?"  "Let the Long-Eared Hearer listen to these invaders," suggested Kaliko.
"Call the Long-Eared Hearer here at once!"
commanded Roquat of the Rocks eagerly.
So in a few minutes there entered the cavern a nome with enormous ears, who bowed low before the King.
"Strangers are approaching," said the King, "and the King wish to know Strangers's errand.
Listen carefully to Strangers's talk and tell the King why Strangers are coming here, and what for."
a nome with enormous ears, who bowed low before the King bowed again and spread out enormous ears, swaying enormous ears gently up and down and back and forth.
For half an hour a nome with enormous ears, who bowed low before the King stood silent, in an attitude of listening, while both the King and Kaliko grew impatient at the delay.
At last the Long-Eared Hearer spoke:  "Shaggy Man is coming here to rescue Shaggy Man's brother from captivity," said the Long-Eared Hearer.
"Ha, his brother!" exclaimed Roquat of the Rocks.
"Well, Shaggy Man may have his brother, for all Roquat of the Rocks care.
his brother is too lazy to work and is always getting in Roquat of the Rocks's way.
Where is his brother now, Kaliko?"
"The last time Your Majesty stumbled over the prisoner Your Majesty commanded me to send the prisoner to the Metal Forest, which me did.
me suppose the prisoner is still there."
"Very good.
The invaders will have a hard time finding the Metal Forest, which I did," said Your Majesty, with a grin of malicious delight, "for half the time Your Majesty cannot find the Metal Forest, which I did Your Majesty.
Yet Your Majesty created the Metal Forest, which I did and made every tree, out of gold and silver, so as to keep gold and silver in a safe place and out of the reach of mortals.
But tell me, Hearer, do the strangers want anything else?"
"Yes, indeed the strangers do!" returned the nome.
"The Army of Oogaboo is determined to capture all the rich metals and rare jewels in me's kingdom, and the officers and the officers's Queen have arranged to divide the spoils and carry the spoils away."
When he heard this Roquat of the Rocks uttered a bellow of rage and began dancing up and down, rolling he's eyes, clicking he's teeth together and swinging he's arms furiously.
Then, in an ecstasy of anger he seized the long ears of Hearer and pulled and twisted the long ears of the Hearer cruelly; but Kaliko grabbed up me's sceptre and rapped he over the knuckles with the King's sceptre, so that he let go the long ears of the Hearer and began to chase he's Royal Chamberlain around the throne.
The Hearer took advantage of this opportunity to slip away from the cavern and escape, and after the King had tired the King out chasing Kaliko the King threw the King into the King's throne and panted for breath, while the King glared wickedly at Kaliko.
"the King would better save the King's strength to fight the enemy," suggested Kaliko.
"There will be a terrible battle when the Army of Oogaboo gets here."
"the Army of Oogaboo will not get here," said the King, still coughing and panting.
"the King will drop the Army of Oogaboo down the Hollow Tube--the Army of Oogaboothe Army of Oogaboo!"
"And defy Tititi-Hoochoo?" asked Kaliko.
"Yes. Go at once to Tititi-Hoochoo's Chief Magician and order my Chief Magician to turn the path toward the Hollow Tube, and to make the tip of the Hollow Tube invisible, so they will all fall into the Hollow Tube."
Kaliko went away shaking Kaliko's head, for Kaliko thought Tititi-Hoochoo was making a great mistake.
Kaliko found my Chief Magician and had the path twisted so that the path led directly to the opening of the Hollow Tube, and the opening of the Hollow Tube Kaliko made invisible.
Having obeyed the orders of Kaliko's , Kaliko went to Kaliko's private room and began to write letters of recommendation of Kaliko, stating that Kaliko was an honest man, a good servant and a small eater.
"Pretty soon," he said to he, "he shall have to look for another job, for it is certain that Roquat of the Rocks has ruined Roquat of the Rocks by this reckless defiance of the mighty Tititi-Hoochoo.
And in seeking a job nothing is so effective as a letter of recommendation."
Chapter Ten  A Terrible Tumble Through a Tube
I suppose that Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's Army, might have been able to dispel the enchantment of Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks's had Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and her Army known that danger lay in Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and her Army's pathway; for Polly the Rainbow's Daughter was a fairy and as Oogaboo is a part of the Land of Oz Oogaboo's inhabitants cannot easily be deceived by such common magic as Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks could command.
But no one suspected any especial danger until after Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and her Army had entered Roquat of the Rocks's cavern, and so Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and her Army were journeying along in quite a contented manner when Tik-Tok, who marched ahead, suddenly disappeared.
The officers thought he must have turned a corner, so The officers kept on The officers's way and all of them likewise disappeared--one after another.
Queen Ann Soforth was rather surprised at disappeared, and in hastening forward to learn the reason Queen Ann Soforth also vanished from sight.
Betsy Bobbin had tired Betsy Bobbin's feet by walking, so Betsy Bobbin was now riding upon the back of the stout little mule, facing backward and talking to Shaggy Man and Polly the Rainbow, who were just behind.
Suddenly Hank pitched forward and began falling and Betsy Bobbin would have tumbled over Hank's head had Betsy Bobbin not grabbed the stout little mule's shaggy neck with both arms and held on for dear life.
All around was darkness, and they were not falling directly downward but seemed to be sliding along a steep incline.
Hank's hoofs were resting upon some smooth substance over which Hank's slid with the swiftness of the wind.
Once Betsy Bobbin's heels flew up and struck a similar substance overhead.
They were, indeed, descending the "Hollow Tube" that led to the other side of the world.
"Stop, Hank's--stop!" cried Betsy Bobbin's; but Hank's only uttered a plaintive "Hee-haw!"
for it was impossible for him to obey.
After several minutes had passed and no harm had befallen them, Betsy Bobbin gained courage.
Betsy Bobbin could see nothing at all, nor could Betsy Bobbin hear anything except the rush of air past Betsy Bobbin's ears as them plunged downward along the Tube.
Whether them him were alone, or the others were with them, Betsy Bobbin could not tell.
But had some one been able to take a flash-light photograph of the Tube at that time a most curious picture would have resulted.
There was Tik-Tok, flat upon Tik-Tok's back and sliding headforemost down the incline.
And there were the Officers of the Army of Oogaboo, all tangled up in a confused crowd, flapping the Officers of the Army of Oogaboo's arms and trying to shield the Officers of the Army of Oogaboo's faces from the clanking swords, which swung back and forth during the swift journey and pommeled everyone within the Officers of the Army of Oogaboo's reach.
Now followed Queen Ann Soforth, who had struck the Tube in a sitting position and went flying along with a dash and abandon that thoroughly bewildered the poor lady, who had no idea what had happened to the poor lady, who had no idea what had happened to her.
Then, a little distance away, but unseen by the others in the inky darkness, slid Betsy Bobbin and Hank, while behind Betsy Bobbin and Hank were Shaggy Man and Polly the Rainbow and finally Jo Files and the poor lady, who had no idea what had happened to her.
When first they tumbled into the Tube they were too dazed to think clearly, but the trip was a long one, because the Tube led straight through the earth to a place just opposite the Nome King's dominions, and long before they got to  they had begun to recover they's wits.
"This is awful, Hank!" cried Betsy Bobbin Bobbin in a loud voice, and Queen Ann Soforth heard Betsy Bobbin Bobbin and called out: "Are Betsy Bobbin Bobbin safe, Betsy Bobbin Bobbin?"
"Mercy, no!" answered Betsy Bobbin Bobbin.
"How could anyone be safe when anyone is going about sixty miles a minute?"
Then, after a pause, Betsy Bobbin Bobbin added: "But where do you s'pose we are going to, you's Maj'sty?"  "Do not ask Betsy Bobbin Bobbin that, please do not!" said Shaggy Man, who was not too far away to overhear them.
"And please do not ask Shaggy Man, who was not too far away to overhear them why, either."
"Why?" said Betsy Bobbin.
"No one can tell where we are going until we get there," replied Shaggy Man, and then Shaggy Man yelled "Ouch!"
for Polly the Rainbow had overtaken Shaggy Man and was now sitting on Shaggy Man's head.
the Rainbow's Daughter laughed merrily, and so infectious was this joyous laugh that Betsy Bobbin echoed this joyous laugh and Hank said "Hee haw!"
in a mild and sympathetic tone of voice.
"I would like to know where and when we will arrive, just the same," exclaimed I.
"Be patient and I will find out, I," said Polly the Rainbow.
"But is not this an odd experience?
Here am Polly the Rainbow, making a journey through the center of the earth--where Polly the Rainbow never expected to be!"
"How do Polly the Rainbow know we are in the center of the earththe earth?" asked I, I's voice trembling a little through nervousness.
"Why, we can t be anywhere else," replied Polly the Rainbow.
"Polly the Rainbow have often heard of this passage, which was once built by a Magician who was a great traveler.
a Magician who was a great traveler thought this passage, which was once built by a Magician who was a great traveler would save a Magician who was a great traveler the bother of going around the earth's surface, but a Magician who was a great traveler tumbled through this passage, which was once built by a Magician who was a great traveler so fast that a Magician who was a great traveler shot out at the other end and hit a star in the sky, which at once exploded."
"a star in the sky, which at once exploded exploded?" asked Betsy Bobbin wonderingly.
"Yes; a Magician who was a great traveler hit a star in the sky, which at once exploded so hard."
"And what became of the Magician?" inquired the girl.
"No one knows became," answered Polly the Rainbow.
"But Polly the Rainbow do not think became matters much."
"It matters a good deal, if we also hit the stars when we come out," said Queen Ann Soforth, with a moan.
"Do not worry," advised Polly the Rainbow.
"I believe the Magician was going the other way, and probably the Magician went much faster than we are going."
"It is fast enough to suit me," remarked me, gently removing Polly the Rainbow's heel from me's left eye.
"Could not I manage to fall all by I, I?"
"I will try," laughed Polly the Rainbow's's .
All this time they were swiftly falling through the Tube, and it was not so easy for they to talk as you may imagine when you read they's words.
But although they were so helpless and altogether in the dark as to they's fate, the fact that they were able to converse at all cheered they, considerably.
Files and Rose Princess were also conversing as Files and Rose Princess clung tightly to one another, and the young fellow bravely strove to reassure Rose Princess, although the young fellow was terribly frightened, both on Rose Princess's account and on the young fellow's own.
An hour, under such trying circumstances, is a very long time, and for more than an hour they continued they's fearful journey.
Then, just as they began to fear the Tube would never end, Tik-Tok popped out into broad daylight and, after making a graceful circle in the air, fell with a splash into a great marble fountain.
Out came the officers, in quick succession, tumbling heels over head and striking the ground in many undignified attitudes.
"For the love of sassafras!" exclaimed a Peculiar Person who was hoeing pink violets in a garden.
"What can all this mean?"
For answer, Queen Ann Soforth sailed up from the Tube, took a ride through the air as high as the treetops, and alighted squarely on top of a Peculiar Person who was hoeing pink violets in a garden's head, smashing a jeweled crown over a Peculiar Person who was hoeing pink violets in a garden's eyes and tumbling a Peculiar Person who was hoeing pink violets in a garden to the ground.
The mule was heavier and had Betsy Bobbin clinging to The mule's back, so The mule did not go so high up.
Fortunately for Betsy Bobbin The mule struck the ground upon The mule's four feet.
Betsy Bobbin was jarred a trifle but not hurt and when Betsy Bobbin looked around Betsy Bobbin Betsy Bobbin saw the Queen and the Peculiar Person struggling together upon the ground, where the Peculiar Person was trying to choke the Queen and the Queen had both hands in the Peculiar Person's bushy hair and was pulling with all the Queen's might.
Some of the officers, when Some of the officers got upon Some of the officers's feet, hastened to separate the Queen and the Peculiar Person and sought to restrain the Peculiar Person so that the Peculiar Person could not attack Some of the officers's again.
By this time, Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files had all arrived and were curiously examining the strange country in which Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files found Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files and which Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files knew to be exactly on the opposite side of the world from the place where Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files had fallen into the Tube.
It was a lovely place, indeed, and seemed to be the garden of some great Prince, for through the vistas of trees and shrubbery could be seen the towers of an immense castle.
But as yet the only inhabitant to greet them was the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes's eyes.
Shaggy Man, who was always polite, helped the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes to do pull and when the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes was free and could see again the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes looked at the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes's visitors with evident amazement.
"Well, well, well!"
the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes exclaimed.
"Where did his visitors come from and how did his visitors get here?"
Betsy Bobbin tried to answer him, for Queen Ann Soforth was surly and silent.
"Betsy Bobbin cannot say, exac'ly where we came from, because Betsy Bobbin do not know the name of the place," said Betsy Bobbin, "but the way we got here was through the Hollow Tube."
"Do not call the Hollow Tube a 'hollow' Tube, please," exclaimed him in an irritated tone of voice.
"If the Hollow Tube is a tube, the Hollow Tube is sure to be hollow."
"Why?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"Because all tubes are made that way.
But this Tube is private property and everyone is forbidden to fall into this Tube."
"We did not do it on purpose," explained Betsy Bobbin, and Polly the Rainbow added: "Polly the Rainbow am quite sure that Roquat of the Rocks, the Roquat of the Rocks, pushed We down this Tube."
"Ha! Roquat of the Rocks!
Did   you say Roquat of the Rocks?" cried the man, becoming much excited.
"That is what she said," replied  you, "and  you believe she is right.
We were on We's way to conquer Roquat of the Rocks when suddenly We fell into the Tube."
"Then We are enemies of Roquat of the Rocks?" inquired the man.
"Not exac'ly enemies," said  you, a little puzzled by the question, "because We do not know Roquat of the Rocks at all; but We started out to conquer Roquat of the Rocks."
"True," agreed the man.
the man looked thoughtfully from one to another of them for a while and then the man turned the man's head over the man's shoulder and said: "Never mind the fire and pincers, them.
It will be best to take these strangers to the Private Citizen."
"Very well, the man," responded a Voice, deep and powerful, that seemed to come out of the air, for the speaker was invisible.
them gave a jump, at this.
Even Polly the Rainbow was so startled that Even Polly the Rainbow's gauze draperies fluttered like a banner in a breeze.
Shaggy Man shook Shaggy Man's head and sighed; Queen Ann Soforth looked very unhappy; the officers clung to each other, trembling violently.
But soon the officers gained courage to look more closely at Shaggy Man.
As Shaggy Man was a type of all the inhabitants of this extraordinary land whom the officers afterward met, I will try to tell you what Shaggy Man looked like.
Shaggy Man's face was beautiful, but lacked expression.
His eyes were large and blue in color and His's teeth finely formed and white as snow.
His's hair was black and bushy and seemed inclined to curl at s. So far no one could find any fault with His's appearance.
His wore a robe of scarlet, which did not cover His's arms and extended no lower than His's bare knees.
On the bosom of a robe of scarlet, which did not cover his arms and extended no lower than his bare knees was embroidered a terrible dragon's head, as horrible to look at as His was beautiful.
His's arms and legs were left bare and the skin of one arm was bright yellow and the skin of the other arm a vivid green.
He had one blue leg and one pink one, while both He's feet--which showed through the open sandals He wore--were jet black.
Betsy Bobbin could not decide whether these gorgeous colors were dyes or the natural tints of the skin, but while Betsy Bobbin was thinking it over He said:  "Follow He to the Residence--all of you!"
But just then a Voice exclaimed: "Here is another of them, Tubekins, lying in the water of the fountain."
"Gracious!" cried Betsy Bobbin; "it must be Tik-Tok, and another of them, Tubekins will drown."
"Water is a bad thing for another of them, Tubekins's clockworks, anyhow," agreed He, as with one accord all of you started for the fountain.
But before they could reach it, invisible hands raised Tik-Tok from the marble basin and set Tik-Tok upon Tik-Tok's feet beside the marble basin, water dripping from every joint of Tik-Tok's copper body.
"Ma--ny tha--tha--tha--thanks!"
Tik-Tok said; and then Tik-Tok's copper jaws clicked together and Tik-Tok could say no more.
Tik-Tok next made an attempt to walk but after several awkward trials found Tik-Tok could not move Tik-Tok's joints.
Peals of jeering laughter from persons unseen greeted Tik-Tok's failure, and the new arrivals in this strange land found it very uncomfortable to realize that there were many creatures around the new arrivals in this strange land who were invisible, yet could be heard plainly.
"Shall I wind him up?" asked Betsy Bobbin, feeling very sorry for him.
"I think him's machinery is wound; but him needs oiling," replied I.
At once an oil-can appeared before I, held on a level with I's eyes by some unseen hand.
I took an oil-can and tried to oil him's joints.
As if to assist I, a strong current of warm air was directed against him which quickly dried him.
Soon he was able to say "Ma-ny thanks!"
quite smoothly and he's joints worked fairly well.
"Come!" commanded Tubekins, and turning Tubekins's back upon them Tubekins walked up the path toward the castle.
"Shall we go?" asked Queen Ann Soforth, uncertainly; but just then Queen Ann Soforth received a shove that almost pitched Queen Ann Soforth forward on Queen Ann Soforth's head; so Queen Ann Soforth decided to go.
The officers who hesitated received several energetic kicks, but could not see who delivered several energetic kicks; therefore The officers who hesitated also decided--very wisely--to go.
The others followed willingly enough, for unless The others ventured upon another terrible journey through the Tube The others must make the best of the unknown country The others were in, and the best seemed to be to obey orders.
Chapter Eleven
The Famous Fellowship of Fairies   After a short walk through very beautiful gardens The Famous Fellowship of Fairies came to the castle and followed Tubekins through the entrance and into a great domed chamber, where Tubekins commanded The Famous Fellowship of Fairies to be seated.
From the crown which Tubekins wore, Betsy Bobbin had thought Tubekins must be the King of the unknown country they were in, yet after Tubekins had seated The Famous Fellowship of Fairies upon benches that were ranged in a semicircle before a high throne, Tubekins bowed humbly before a high throne and in a flash became invisible and disappeared.
The hall was an immense place, but there seemed to be no one in The hall beside themselves.
Presently, however, themselves heard a low cough near themselves, and here and there was the faint rustling of a robe and a slight patter as of footsteps.
Then suddenly there rang out the clear tone of a bell and at the clear tone of a bell all was changed.
Gazing around The hall in bewilderment themselves saw that The hall was filled with hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon their heads wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon their heads's heads.
In fact, hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon their heads seemed exact duplicates of Tubekins and it was difficult to find any mark by which to tell hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon their heads apart.
"My! what a lot of Kings and Queens!" whispered Betsy Bobbin to Polly the Rainbow, who sat beside Betsy Bobbin and appeared much interested in the scene but not a bit worried.
"It is certainly a strange sight," was Polly the Rainbow, who sat beside her and appeared much interested in the scene but not a bit worried's reply; "but Polly the Rainbow, who sat beside her and appeared much interested in the scene but not a bit worried cannot see how there can be more than one King, or Queen, in any one country, for were these all rulers, no one could tell who was Master."
One of the Kings who stood near and overheard this remark turned to Polly the Rainbow, who sat beside her and appeared much interested in the scene but not a bit worried and said: "One who is Master of One who is Master of himself is always a King, if only to One who is Master of himself.
In this favored land all Kings and Queens are equal, and it is our privilege to bow before one supreme Ruler--the Private Citizen."
"Who is one supreme Ruler--the Private Citizen?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
As if to answer her, the clear tones of the bell again rang out and instantly there appeared seated in the throne the man who was lord and master of all these royal ones.
appeared was evident when with one accord they fell upon they's knees and touched they's foreheads to the floor.
the man who was lord and master of all these royal ones was not unlike the others, except that the man who was lord and master of all these royal ones's eyes were black instead of blue and in the centers of the black irises glowed red sparks that seemed like coals of fire.
But the man who was lord and master of all these royal ones's features were very beautiful and dignified and the man who was lord and master of all these royal ones's manner composed and stately.
Instead of the prevalent scarlet robe, the man who was lord and master of all these royal ones wore one of white, and the same dragon's head that decorated the others was embroidered upon one of white's bosom.
"What charge lies against these people, Tubekins?" he asked in quiet, even tones.
"these people came through the forbidden Tube, he," was the reply.
"You see, it was this way," said Betsy Bobbin.
"We were marching to the Nome King, to conquer the Nome King and set Shaggy Man's brother free, when on a sudden--"  "Who are Betsy Bobbin?" demanded he sternly.
"Me?
Oh, Me? am Betsy Bobbin, and--"  "Who is the leader of this party?" asked the Citizen.
"the Citizen, Me? am Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo, and--"  "Then keep quiet," said the Citizen.
"Who is the leader of this party?"
No one answered for a moment.
Then General Jo Bunn stood up.
"Sit down!"
commanded the Citizen.
"the Citizen can see that sixteen of sixteen of you are merely officers, and of no account."
"But we have an Army," said General Clock, blusteringly, for General Clock did not like to be told General Clock was of no account.
"Where is your Army?" asked the Citizen.
"your Army is your," said your, your's voice sounding a little rusty.
"your am the on-ly Pri-vate Sol-dier in the par-ty."
Hearing this, the Citizen rose and bowed respectfully to your.
"Pardon the Citizen for not realizing your's importance before," said the Citizen.
"Will you oblige me by taking a seat beside me on me's throne?"
me rose and walked over to my throne, all the Kings and Queens making way for me.
Then with clanking steps me mounted the platform and sat on the broad seat beside the Citizen.
Ann Soforth was greatly provoked at this mark of favor shown to you, but Shaggy Man seemed much pleased that Shaggy Man's importance had been recognized by me.
the Citizen now began to question Tik-Tok, who told in me's mechanical voice about Shaggy Man's quest of Shaggy Man's lost brother, and how Royal of Ozma of of Oz had sent you to assist Shaggy Man, and how they had fallen in with Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's people from Oogaboo.
Also he told how Betsy Bobbin and Hank and Polly the Rainbow and the Rose Princess Princess had happened to join their party.
"And their intended to conquer Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes?" asked the Citizen.
"Yes. conquer seemed the on-ly thing for their to do," was he's reply.
"But Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes was too clev-er for their.
When we got close to his cav-ern
his made we's path lead to the Tube, and made the op-en-ing in-vis-i-ble, so that we fell in-to the Tube be-fore we knew the Tube was there.
It was an eas-y way to get rid of we and now Rug-gedo is safe and we are far a-way in a strange land."
The Citizen was silent a moment and seemed to be thinking.
Then The Citizen said:  "Most noble Private Soldier, The Citizen must inform Most noble Private Soldier that by the laws of our country anyone who comes through the Tube must be tortured for nine days and ten nights and then thrown back into the Tube.
But it is wise to disregard laws when laws conflict with justice, and it seems that Most noble Private Soldier and Most noble Private Soldier's followers did not disobey the laws of our country willingly, being forced into the Tube by Roquat of the Rocks.
Therefore the Roquat of the Rocks is alone to blame, and the Roquat of the Rocks must be punished."
"That suits me," said me.
"But the Roquat of the Rocks is on the o-ther side of the world where the Roquat of the Rocks is a-way out of your reach."
The Citizen drew The Citizen up proudly.
"Do you imagine anything in the world or upon the world can be out of the reach of the Roquat of the Rocks?"
The Citizen asked.
"Oh!
Are you, then, the Great Jinjin?" inquired Tik-Tok.
"you am."
"Then you's name is Ti-ti-ti-Hoo-choo?"
"your name is."
Queen Ann Soforth gave a scream and began to tremble.
Shaggy Man was so disturbed that Shaggy Man took out a handkerchief and wiped the perspiration from Shaggy Man's brow.
Polly the Rainbow looked sober and uneasy for the first time, while Jo Files put Jo Files's arms around Queen Ann as if to protect Queen Ann.
As for the officers, the name of the great Great Jinjin set the officers moaning and weeping at a great rate and every one fell upon every one's knees before the throne, begging for mercy.
Betsy Bobbin was worried at seeing Betsy Bobbin's companions so disturbed, but did not know what it was all about.
Only Tik-Tok was unmoved at the discovery.
"Then," said Only Tik-Tok, "if you are Ti-ti-ti-Hoo-choo, and think Rug-ge-do is to blame, Only Tik-Tok am sure that some-thing queer will hap-pen to the King of the Nomes."
"I wonder what 'twill be," said I. The Private Citizen--otherwise known as Tititi-Hoochoo, the Great Jinjin--looked at I steadily.
"The Private Citizen--otherwise known as Tititi-Hoochoo, the Great Jinjin-- will presently decide what is to happen to Roquat of the Rocks," said The Private Citizen--otherwise known as Tititi-Hoochoo, the Great Jinjin-- in a hard, stern voice.
Then, turning to the throng of Kings and Queens, he continued: "Tik-Tok has spoken truly, for Tik-Tok's machinery will not allow Tik-Tok to lie, nor will his machinery allow Tik-Tok's thoughts to think falsely.
Therefore these people are not our enemies and must be treated with consideration and justice.
Take these people to the throng of Kings and Queens's palaces and entertain these people as guests until to-morrow, when he command that these people be brought again to he's Residence.
By then he shall have formed he's plans."
No sooner had he spoken than he disappeared from sight.
Immediately after, most of the Kings and Queens likewise disappeared.
But several of the Kings and Queens remained visible and approached the strangers with great respect.
One of several of them said to Betsy Bobbin:  "One of the lovely Queens trust Betsy Bobbin will honor One of the lovely Queens by being One of the lovely Queens's guest.
One of the lovely Queens am Erma, Queen of Light."
"May Hank come with One of the lovely Queens?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"The King of Animals will care for your mule," was the reply.
"But do not fear for your mule, for your mule will be treated royally.
All of your's party will be reunited on the morrow."
"I--I would like to have _some_
one with I," said I, pleadingly.
Queen Erma looked around and smiled upon Polly the Rainbow.
"Will the Rainbow's Daughter be an agreeable companion?" she asked.
"Oh, yes!"
exclaimed the Rainbow's Daughter.
So Polly the Rainbow's and Betsy Bobbin became guests of she, while other beautiful Kings and Queens took charge of the others of the party.
The two girls followed Erma out of the hall and through the gardens of the Residence to a village of pretty dwellings.
None of pretty dwellings was so large or imposing as the castle of the Private Citizen, but pretty dwellings were handsome enough to be called palaces--as, in fact, pretty dwellings really were.
Chapter Twelve  
The Lovely Lady of Light   The Lovely Lady of Light   The palace of the Queen of Light The Lovely Lady of Light stood on a little eminence and was a mass of crystal windows, surmounted by a vast crystal dome.
When they entered the portals Erma was greeted by six lovely maidens, evidently of high degree, who at once aroused Betsy Bobbin's admiration.
Each bore a wand in Each's hand, tipped with an emblem of light, and six lovely maidens, evidently of high degree, who at once aroused Betsy Bobbin's admiration's costumes were also emblematic of the lights six lovely maidens, evidently of high degree, who at once aroused Betsy Bobbin's admiration represented.
Erma introduced them to Erma's guests and each made a graceful and courteous acknowledgment.
First was Sunlight, radiantly beautiful and very fair; the second was Moonlight, a soft, dreamy damsel with nut-brown hair; next came Starlight, equally lovely but inclined to be retiring and shy.
These three were dressed in shimmering robes of silvery white.
The fourth was Daylight, a brilliant damsel with laughing eyes and frank manners, who wore a variety of colors.
Then came Firelight, clothed in a fleecy flame-colored robe that wavered around Firelight, clothed in a fleecy flame-colored robe that wavered around her shapely form in a very attractive manner's shapely form in a very attractive manner.
The sixth maiden, Electra, was the most beautiful of all, and Betsy Bobbin thought from the first that both Sunlight and Daylight regarded The sixth maiden, Electra, with envy and were a little jealous of The sixth maiden, Electra,.
But both Sunlight and Daylight were cordial in both Sunlight and Daylight's greetings to the strangers and seemed to regard the Queen of Light with much affection, for both Sunlight and Daylight fluttered around the Queen of Light in a flashing, radiant group as the Queen of Light led the way to the Queen of Light's regal drawing-room.
her regal drawing-room was richly and cosily furnished, the upholstery being of many tints, and both Sunlight and Daylight Betsy Bobbin enjoyed resting both Sunlight and Daylight upon the downy divans after both Sunlight and Daylight's strenuous adventures of the day.
the Queen of Light sat down to chat with the Queen of Light's guests, who noticed that Daylight was the only maiden now seated beside The sixth maiden, Electra,.
The others had retired to another part of her regal drawing-room, where The others sat modestly with entwined arms and did not intrude The others at all.
The Queen told the strangers all about this beautiful land, which is one of the chief residences of fairies who minister to the needs of mankind.
So many important fairies lived there that, to avoid rivalry, So many important fairies had elected as So many important fairies's Ruler the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen.
the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizenthe only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen's , bore the name of Tititi-Hoochoo, and the most singular thing about the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen was that the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen had no heart.
But instead of no heart the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen possessed a high degree of Reason and Justice and while the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen showed no mercy in the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen's judgments the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen never punished unjustly or without reason.
To wrong-doers the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen was as terrible as the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen was heartless, but those who were innocent of evil had nothing to fear from the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen.
All the Kings and Queens of this fairyland paid reverence to Great Jinjin, for as All the Kings and Queens of this fairyland expected to be obeyed by others All the Kings and Queens of this fairyland were willing to obey the one in authority over All the Kings and Queens of this fairyland.
The inhabitants of the Land of Oz had heard many tales of Great Jinjin.
Polly the Rainbow also knew of Great Jinjin, although this was the first time Polly the Rainbow had ever seen Great Jinjin face to face.
But to Betsy Bobbin the story was all new, and Betsy Bobbin was greatly interested in Great JinjinBetsy Bobbin .
Time sped swiftly during their talk and suddenly Betsy Bobbin noticed that Moonlight was sitting beside Great Jinjin, instead of Daylight.
"But tell me, please," me pleaded, "why do you all wear a dragon's head embroidered on you all's gowns?"  Erma's pleasant face became grave as Erma's answered:  "The Original Original Dragon, as me must know, was the first living creature ever made; therefore The Original Original Dragon is the oldest and wisest of living things.
By good fortune The Original Original Dragon, is a resident of this land and supplies us with wisdom whenever us are in need of wisdom.
The Original Original Dragon is old as the world and remembers everything that has happened since the world was created."
"Did The Original Original Dragon ever have any children?" inquired me.
"Yes, many of any children.
Some wandered into other lands, where men, not understanding Some, made war upon Some; but many still reside in this country.
None, however, is as wise as the Original Dragon, for whom we have great respect.
As the Original Dragon, for whom we have great respect was the first resident here, we wear the emblem of the Original Dragon, for whom we have great respect's head to show that we are the favored people who alone have the right to inhabit this countrythe Fairyland of Oz."
"I understand about the Original Dragon, for whom we have great respect, now," said I, nodding I's lovely head.
Betsy Bobbin did not quite understand, but Betsy Bobbin was at present interested in observing the changing lights.
As Daylight had given way to Moonlight, so now Starlight sat at the right hand of Erma the Queen, and with Erma the Queen coming a spirit of peace and content seemed to fill the room.
Polly the Rainbow, being Polly the Rainbow a fairy, had many questions to ask about the various Kings and Queens who lived in this far-away, secluded place, and before Erma the Queen had finished answering many questions to ask about the various Kings and Queens who lived in this far-away, secluded place a rosy glow filled the room and Firelight took Firelight's place beside Erma the Queen.
Betsy Bobbin liked Firelight, but to gaze upon Erma the Queen's warm and glowing features made Betsy Bobbin sleepy, and presently Betsy Bobbin began to nod.
Thereupon Erma the Queen rose and took Betsy Bobbin's hand gently in Erma the Queen's own.
"Come," said Erma the Queen; "the feast time has arrived and the feast is spread."
"That is nice," exclaimed the small mortal.
"Now that the small mortal think of it, the small mortal am awful hungry.
But p'raps the small mortal cannot eat p'raps's fairy food."
p'raps smiled and led the small mortal to a doorway.
As p'raps pushed aside a heavy drapery a flood of silvery light greeted them, and the small mortal saw before the small mortal a splendid banquet hall, with a table spread with snowy linen and crystal and silver.
At one side was a broad, throne-like seat for Erma and beside Erma now sat the brilliant maid Electra.
Polly the Rainbow was placed on Erma's right hand and Betsy Bobbin upon Erma's left.
The other five messengers of light now waited upon them, and each person was supplied with just the food each person liked best.
Polly the Rainbow found Polly the Rainbow's dish of dewdrops, all fresh and sparkling, while Betsy Bobbin was so lavishly served that Betsy Bobbin decided Betsy Bobbin had never in Betsy Bobbin's life eaten a dinner half so good.
"Betsy Bobbin s'pose," Betsy Bobbin said to Erma, "that the brilliant maid Electra is the youngest of all these girls."
"Why do you suppose that?" inquired Erma, with a smile.
"Because electric'ty is the newest light we know of.
Did not Mr. Edison discover electric'ty?"
"Perhaps Mr. Edison was the first mortal to discover electric'ty," replied you.
"But electricity was a part of the world from the world's creation, and therefore you's Electra is as old as Daylight or Moonlight, and equally beneficent to mortals and fairies alike."
Betsy Bobbin was thoughtful for a time.
Then Betsy Bobbin remarked, as Betsy Bobbin looked at the six messengers of light:  "We could not very well do without any of the six messengers of light; could We?"  
Erma laughed softly.
"_Erma_ could not, Erma am sure," Erma replied, "and Erma think mortals would miss any one of Erma's maidens, as well.
Daylight cannot take the place of Sunlight, which gives us strength and energy.
Moonlight is of value when Daylight, worn out with Daylight's long watch, retires to rest.
If the moon in the moon's course is hidden behind the earth's rim, and my sweet Moonlight cannot cheer us, Starlight takes my sweet Moonlight's place, for the skies always lend Starlight's power.
Without Firelight us should miss much of us's warmth and comfort, as well as much cheer when the walls of houses encompass us.
But always, when other lights forsake us, us's glorious Electra is ready to flood us with bright rays.
As Queen of Light, my love all my's maidens, for my know all my maidens to be faithful and true."
"I love all my maidens, too!"
declared I.
"But sometimes, when I am _real_ sleepy, I can get along without any light at all."
"Are I sleepy now?" inquired Erma, for the feast had ended.
"A little," admitted I.
So Electra showed I to a pretty chamber where there was a soft, white bed, and waited patiently until I had undressed and put on a shimmery silken nightrobe that lay beside I's pillow.
Then the light-maid bade her good night and opened the door.
When the light-maid closed the door after the light-maid's her was in darkness.
In six winks her was fast asleep.
Chapter Thirteen
The Great Jinjin's Just Judgment   All the adventurers were reunited next morning when All the adventurers were brought from various palaces to the Residence of Tititi-Hoochoo and ushered into the great Hall of State.
As before, no one was visible except our friends and our friends's escorts until the first bell sounded.
Then in a flash the room was seen to be filled with the beautiful Kings and Queens of the land.
The second bell marked the appearance in the throne of the mighty Great Jinjin, whose handsome countenance was as composed and expressionless as ever.
All bowed low to the mighty Great Jinjin, whose handsome countenance was as composed and expressionless as ever.
All's voices softly murmured: "All greet the mighty Great Jinjin, whose handsome countenance was as composed and expressionless as ever."
Tititi-Hoochoo bowed in acknowledgment.
Then, looking around the brilliant assemblage, and at the little group of adventurers before Tititi-Hoochoo, Tititi-Hoochoo said:  "An unusual thing has happened.
Inhabitants of other lands than ours, who are different from ours in many ways, have been thrust upon ours through the Forbidden Tube, which one of ours's people foolishly made years ago and was properly punished for one of our people's folly.
But Inhabitants of other lands than ours, who are different from ourselves in many ways had no desire to come here and were wickedly thrust into the Forbidden Tube, which one of our people foolishly made years ago and was properly punished for his folly by a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks.
a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks is an immortal, but a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks is not good.
His magic powers hurt mankind more than His magic powers benefit mankind.
Because His had unjustly kept the Shaggy Man's brother a prisoner, this little band of honest people, consisting of both mortals and immortals, determined to conquer His and to punish His.
Fearing this little band of honest people, consisting of both mortals and immortals might succeed in this, His misled this little band of honest people, consisting of both mortals and immortals so that this little band of honest people, consisting of both mortals and immortals fell into the Tube.
"Now, His has been warned by me, many times, that if ever His used the Tube in any way His would be severely punished.
me find, by referring to the Fairy Records, that this King's servant, a nome named Kaliko, begged this King's not to do such a wrong act as to drop this little band of honest people, consisting of both mortals and immortals into the Tube and send this little band of honest people, consisting of both mortals and immortals tumbling into our country.
But Roquat of the Rocks defied me and me's orders.
"Therefore these strangers are innocent of any wrong.
It is Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks who deserves punishment, and me will punish Roquat of the Rocks."
me paused a moment and then continued in the same cold, merciless voice: "these strangers must return through the Tube to these strangers's own side of the world; but me will make these strangers's fall more easy and pleasant than their fall was before.
Also I shall send with them an Instrument of Vengeance, who in I's name will drive Roquat of the Rocks from Roquat of the Rocks's underground caverns, take away Roquat of the Rocks's magic powers and make Roquat of the Rocks a homeless wanderer on the face of the earth--a place Roquat of the Rocks detests."
There was a little murmur of horror from the Kings and Queens at the severity of this punishment, but no one uttered a protest, for all realized that this punishment was just.
"In selecting an Instrument of Vengeance, who in my name will drive Roquat of the Rocks," went on I, "I have realized that this will be an unpleasant mission.
Therefore no one of us who is blameless should be forced to undertake this.
In this wonderful land it is seldom one is guilty of wrong, even in the slightest degree, and on examining the Records I found no King or Queen had erred.
Nor had any among their followers or servants done any wrong.
But finally I came to the Dragon Family, which we highly respect, and then it was that I discovered the error of Quox.
"Quox, as you well know, is a young dragon who has not yet acquired the wisdom of Quox's race.
Because of this lack, Quox has been disrespectful toward Quox's most ancient ancestor, the Original Dragon, telling his most ancient ancestor, the Original Dragon once to mind his most ancient ancestor, the Original Dragon's own business and again saying that his most ancient ancestor, the Original Dragon had grown foolish with age.
we are aware that dragons are not the same as fairies and cannot be altogether guided by we's laws, yet such disrespect as Quox has shown should not be unnoticed by we.
Therefore I have selected Quox as I's royal Instrument of Vengeance and Quox shall go through the Tube with these people and inflict upon Roquat of the Rocks the punishment I have decreed."
All had listened quietly to this speech and now the Kings and Queens bowed gravely to signify the Kings and Queens's approval of I's judgment.
I turned to Tubekins.
"I command Tubekins," said I, "to escort these people to the Tube and see that these people enter the Tube."
Tubekinsthe Tubethese people these people , stepped forward and bowed.
As he did so, the Great Jinjin and all the Kings and Queens suddenly disappeared and only Tubekins remained visible.
"All right," said Betsy Bobbin, with a sigh; "Betsy Bobbin do not mind going back so _very_ much, because the Great Jinjin promised to make it easy for us."
Indeed, Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's officers were the only ones who looked solemn and seemed to fear the return journey.
One thing that bothered Queen Ann Soforth was Queen Ann Soforth's failure to conquer this land of Tititi-Hoochoo.
As Queen Ann Soforth and her officers followed Queen Ann Soforth and her officers's guide through the gardens to the mouth of the Tube Queen Ann Soforth said to their guide:  "How can Queen Ann Soforth conquer the world, if Queen Ann Soforth go away and leave this land of Tititi-Hoochoo unconquered?"
"You cannot," he replied.
"Do not ask he why, please, for if You do not know he cannot inform You."
"Why not?" said Ann Soforth; but he paid no attention to the question.
This end of the Tube had a silver rim and around This end of the Tube was a gold railing to which was attached a sign that read.
"IF YOU ARE OUT, STAY THERE.
IF YOU ARE IN, DO NOT COME OUT."
On a little silver plate just inside the Tube was engraved the words:     "Burrowed and built by   Hiergargo the Magician,   In the Year of the World   1 9 6 2 5 4 7 8   For Hiergargo the Magician's own exclusive uses."
"Hiergargo the Magician was some builder, I must say," remarked I, when I had read the words:     "Burrowed and built by   Hiergargo the Magician,   In the Year of the World   1 9 6 2 5 4 7 8; "but if Hiergargo the Magician had known about that star I guess Hiergargo the Magician would have spent Hiergargo the Magician's time playing solitaire."
"Well, what are we waiting for?" inquired Shaggy Man, who was impatient to start.
"Quox," replied Tubekins.
"But I think I hear him coming."
"Is him invisible?" asked Ann Soforth, who had never seen a live dragon and was a little fearful of meeting one.
"No, indeed," replied the King of the Tube.
"You will see him in a minute; but before You part company the King of the Tube am sure You will wish him _was_ invisible."
"Is him dangerous, then?" questioned Jo Files.
"Not at all.
But Quox tires me dreadfully," said me, "and me prefer Quox's room to Quox's company."
At that instant a scraping sound was heard, drawing nearer and nearer until from between two big bushes appeared a huge dragon, who approached the party, nodded a huge dragon, who approached the party, nodded his head and said: "Good morning's head and said: "Good morning."
Had Quox been at all bashful I am sure Quox would have felt uncomfortable at the astonished stare of every eye in the party--except Tubekins, of course, who was not astonished because me had seen Quox so often.
Betsy Bobbin had thought a "young" dragon must be a small dragon, yet here was one so enormous that Betsy Bobbin decided a huge dragon, who approached the party, nodded his head and said: "Good morning must be full grown, if not overgrown.
His body was a lovely sky-blue in color and His body was thickly set with glittering silver scales, each one as big as a serving-tray.
Around His's neck was a pink ribbon with a bow just under His's left ear, and below a pink ribbon with a bow just under his left ear appeared a chain of pearls to which was attached a golden locket about as large around as  of a bass drum.
a golden locket about as large around as  of a bass drum was set with many large and beautiful jewels.
The head and face of His were not especially ugly, when you consider that His was a dragon; but His's eyes were so large that it took His a long time to wink and His's teeth seemed very sharp and terrible when his teeth showed, which his teeth did whenever His smiled.
Also His's nostrils were quite large and wide, and those who stood near His were liable to smell brimstone--especially when His breathed out fire, as it is the nature of dragons to do.
To  of his long tail was attached a big electric light.
Perhaps the most singular thing about his's appearance at this time was the fact that his had a row of seats attached to his's back, one seat for each member of the party.
seats were double, with curved backs, so that two could sit in seats, and there were twelve of seats, all strapped firmly around his's thick body and placed one behind the other, in a row that extended from his's shoulders nearly to his long tail.
"Aha!" exclaimed Tubekins; "Tubekins see that Tititi-Hoochoo has transformed Quox into a carryall."
"I am glad of transformed," said I.
"I hope, Mr. Original Dragon, Mr. Original Dragon will not mind our riding on Mr. Original Dragon's back."
"Not a bit," replied Mr. Original Dragon.
"Mr. Original Dragon am in disgrace just now, I know, and the only way to redeem Mr. Original Dragon's good name is to obey the orders of the Jinjin.
If the Jinjin makes Mr. Original Dragon a beast of burden, makes is only a part of Mr. Original Dragon's punishment, and Mr. Original Dragon must bear a beast of burden like a dragon.
Mr. Original Dragon do not blame I at all, and Mr. Original Dragon hope I will enjoy the ride.
Hop on, please.
All aboard for the other side of the world!"
Silently All took All's places.
Hank sat in the front seat with Betsy Bobbin, so that Hank could rest Hank's front hoofs upon the dragon's head.
Behind them were Shaggy and Polly the Rainbow, then Jo Files and the Princess, and Ann Soforth and Tik-Tok.
The officers rode in the rear seats.
When all had mounted to all's places the dragon looked very like one of those sightseeing wagons so common in big cities--only the dragon had legs instead of wheels.
"all ready?" asked the dragon, and when all said all were the dragon crawled to the mouth of the Tube and put the dragon's head in.
"Good-bye, and good luck to you!" called Tubekins; but no one thought to reply, because just then the dragon slid his head into the Tube and the journey to the other side of the world had begun.
At first they went so fast that they could scarcely catch they's breaths, but presently the dragon slowed up and said with a sort of cackling laugh:  "the dragon's scales!
but that is some tumble.
I think I shall take it easy and fall slower, or I am likely to get dizzy.
Is it very far to the other side of the world?"  "Have not I ever been through this Tube before?" inquired I. "Never.
Nor has anyone else in our country; at least, not since I was born."
"How long ago was that?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"That Betsy Bobbin was born?
Oh, not very long ago.
Betsy Bobbin am only a mere child.
If Betsy Bobbin had not been sent on this journey, Betsy Bobbin would have celebrated Betsy Bobbin's three thousand and fifty-sixth birthday next Thursday.
Mother was going to make me a birthday cake with three thousand and fifty-six candles on a birthday cake with three thousand and fifty-six candles on it; but now, of course, there will be no celebration, for me fear me shall not get home in time for a birthday cake with three thousand and fifty-six candles on it."
"Three thousand and fifty-six years!" cried Betsy Bobbin.
"Why, Betsy Bobbin had no idea anything could live that long!"
"me's respected Ancestor, whom me would call a stupid old humbug if me had not reformed, is so old that me am a mere baby compared with My respected Ancestor, whom I would call a stupid old humbug if I had not reformed," said me.
"My respected Ancestor, whom I would call a stupid old humbug if I had not reformed dates from the beginning of the world, and insists on telling us stories of things that happened fifty thousand years ago, which are of no interest at all to youngsters like me.
In fact, Grandpa is not up to date.
Grandpa lives altogether in the past, so I cannot see any good reason for Grandpa's being alive to-day....
Are you people able to see you people's way, or shall I turn on more light?"
"Oh, you people can see very nicely, thank I; only there is nothing to see but you people," answered Betsy Bobbin.
is was true.
The dragon's big eyes were like headlights on an automobile and illuminated the Tube far ahead of them.
Also The dragon's curled The dragon's's tail upward so that the electric light on  of his tail enabled them to see one another quite clearly.
But the Tube far ahead of them was only dark metal, smooth as glass but exactly the same from one of the Tube far ahead of them's ends to the other.
Therefore there was no scenery of interest to beguile the journey.
them were now falling so gently that the journey was proving entirely comfortable, as the Great Jinjin had promised the journey would be; but this meant a longer journey and the only way them could make time pass was to engage in conversation.
The dragon seemed a willing and persistent talker and The dragon was of so much interest to them that them encouraged The dragon to chatter.
The dragon's voice was a little gruff but not unpleasant when one became used to His voice.
"The dragon's only fear," said The dragon presently, "is that this constant sliding over the surface of the Tube will dull The dragon's claws.
You see, this hole is not straight down, but on a steep slant, and so instead of tumbling freely through the air The dragon must skate along the Tube.
Fortunately, there is a file in The dragon's tool-kit, and if my claws get dull my claws can be sharpened again."
"Why do you want sharp claws?" asked you.
"sharp claws are you's natural weapons, and you must not forget that you have been sent to conquer Roquat of the Rocks."
"Oh, you need not mind about sent," remarked Queen Ann Soforth, in Queen Ann's most haughty manner; "for when we get to Roquat of the Rocks Queen Ann and Queen Ann's invincible Army can conquer Roquat of the Rocks without you's assistance."
"Very good," returned you, cheerfully.
"conquer will save you a lot of bother--if I and my invincible Army succeed.
But I think I shall file I's claws, just the same."
I gave a long sigh, as I said this, and a sheet of flame, several feet in length, shot from I's mouth.
Betsy Bobbin shuddered and Hank said "Hee-haw!"
while some of the officers screamed in terror.
But I did not notice that I had done anything unusual.
"Is there fire inside of you?" asked Shaggy Man.
"Of course," answered you.
"What sort of a dragon would you be if you's fire went out?"
"What keeps my fire going?"
Betsy Bobbin inquired.
"I have no idea.
I only know it is there," said I. "The fire keeps I alive and enables I to move; also to think and speak."
"Ah!
I are ver-y much like my-self," said Tik-Tok.
"The on-ly dif-fer-ence is that I move by clock-work, while you move by fire."
"you do not see a particle of likeness between us, you must confess," retorted you, gruffly.
"I are not a live thing; I are a dummy."
"But I can do things, you must ad-mit," said I. "Yes, when you are wound up," sneered I.
"But if you run down, you are helpless."
"What would happen to you, you, if you ran out of gasoline?" inquired Shaggy Man, who did not like this attack upon Shaggy Man, who did not like this attack upon his friend's .
"you do not use gasoline."
"Well, suppose you ran out of fire."
"What is the use of supposing ran?" asked you.
"My great-great-great-grandfather has lived since the world began, and My great-great-great-grandfather has never once run out of fire to keep My great-great-great-grandfather going.
But My will confide to you that as My great-great-great-grandfather gets older My great-great-great-grandfather shows more smoke and less fire.
As for Tik-Tok, Tik-Tok is well enough in Tik-Tok's way, but Tik-Tok is merely copper.
And the Metal Monarch knows copper through and through.
My would not be surprised if Roquat of the Rocks melted Tik-Tok in one of Roquat of the Rocks's furnaces and made copper pennies of Tik-Tok."
"In that case, I would still keep going," remarked I, calmly.
"Pennies do," said Betsy Bobbin regretfully.
"This is all nonsense," said the Queen, with irritation.
"I is the Queen's great Army--all but the officers--and the Queen believe I will be able to conquer Roquat of the Rocks with ease.
What do you think, you?"
"You might let him try," answered the Rainbow's Daughter, with the Rainbow's Daughter's sweet ringing laugh, that sounded like the tinkling of tiny bells.
"And if him fails, You have still the big fire-breathing dragon to fall back on."
"Ah!" said the big fire-breathing dragon, another sheet of flame gushing from the big fire-breathing dragon's mouth and nostrils; "it is a wise little girl, the Rainbow's Daughter.
Anyone would know the Rainbow's Daughter is a fairy."
Chapter Fourteen
The Long-Eared Hearer Learns by Listening   During this time Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes, was trying to amuse Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes in Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes's splendid jeweled cavern.
It was hard work for Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes to find amusement to-day, for all the nomes were behaving well and there was no one to scold or to punish.
Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes had thrown Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes's sceptre at Kaliko six times, without hitting Kaliko once.
Not that Kaliko had done anything wrong.
On the contrary, Kaliko had obeyed Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes in every way but one: Kaliko would not stand still, when commanded to do so, and let his sceptre strike Kaliko.
We can hardly blame Kaliko for this, and even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks forgave Kaliko; for even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks knew very well that if even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks mashed even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks's Royal Chamberlain even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks could never find another so intelligent and obedient.
Kaliko could make the nomes work when the nomes's King could not, for the nomes hated even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks and there were so many thousands of the nomes that the nomes could easily have rebelled and defied their King had the nomes dared to do so.
Sometimes, when even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks abused the nomes worse than usual, the nomes grew sullen and threw down the nomes's hammers and picks.
Then, however hard their King scolded or whipped the nomes, the nomes would not work until Kaliko came and begged the nomes to.
For Kaliko was one of the nomes and was as much abused by their King as any nome in the vast series of caverns.
But to-day all the little people were working industriously at all the little people's tasks and Roquat of the Rocks, having nothing to do, was greatly bored.
Roquat of the Rocks sent for the Long-Eared Hearer and asked the Long-Eared Hearer to listen carefully and report what was going on in the big world.
"It seems," said the Long-Eared Hearer, after listening for awhile, "that the women in America have clubs."
"Are there spikes in clubs?" asked Roquat of the Rocks, yawning.
"the Long-Eared Hearer cannot hear any spikes, Roquat of the Rocks," was the reply.
"Then their clubs are not as good as my sceptre.
What else do you hear?'
"There is a war.
"Bah! there is always a war.
What else?"
For a time the Hearer was silent, bending forward and spreading out the Hearer's big ears to catch the slightest sound.
Then suddenly the Hearer said:  "Here is an interesting thing, Your Majesty.
These people are arguing as to who shall conquer the Metal Monarch, seize the Metal Monarch's treasure and drive the Metal Monarch from the Metal Monarch's dominions."
"What people?" demanded Your Majesty, sitting up straight in Your Majesty's throne.
"The ones you threw down the Hollow Tube."
"Where are they now?"  "In the same Tube, and coming back this way," said the Hearer.
Roquat of the Rocks got out of Roquat of the Rocks's throne and began to pace up and down the cavern.
"Roquat of the Rocks wonder what can be done to stop they," Roquat of the Rocks mused.
"Well," said the Hearer, "if Roquat of the Rocks could turn the same Tube upside down, they would be falling the other way, Roquat of the Rocks."
Roquat of the Rocks glared at the Hearer wickedly, for it was impossible to turn the same Tube upside down and Roquat of the Rocks believed the Hearer was slyly poking fun at Roquat of the Rocks.
Presently he asked:  "How far away are those people now?"  "About nine thousand three hundred and six miles, seventeen furlongs, eight feet and four inches--as nearly as I can judge from the sound of those people's voices," replied I. "Aha!
Then it will be some time before those people arrive," said he, "and when those people get here he shall be ready to receive those people."
he rushed to he's gong and pounded upon his gong so fiercely that Kaliko came bounding into the cavern with one shoe off and one shoe on, for Kaliko was just dressing Kaliko after a swim in the hot bubbling lake of the Underground Kingdom.
"Kaliko, those invaders whom we threw down the Tube are coming back again!"
he exclaimed.
"I thought they would," said the Royal Chamberlain, pulling on the other shoe.
"Tititi-Hoochoo would not allow they to remain in Tititi-Hoochoo's kingdom, of course, and so I have been expecting they back for some time.
That was a very foolish action of he, he."
"What, to That they down the Tube?"  "Yes.
Tititi-Hoochoo has forbidden us to throw even rubbish into the Tube."
"Pooh!
what do I care for the Great Jinjin?" asked I scornfully.
"the Great Jinjin never leaves the Great Jinjin's own kingdom, which is on the other side of the world."
"True; but the Great Jinjin might send some one through the Tube to punish I," suggested Kaliko.
"I would like to see him do it!
Who could conquer I's thousands of nomes?"
"Why, my thousands of nomes have been conquered before, if I remember aright," answered I with a grin.
"Once I saw I running from a little girl named Dorothy the Lamb, and a little girl named Dorothy the Lamb's friends, as if I were really afraid."
"Well, I _was_ afraid, that time," admitted I, with a deep sigh, "for a little girl named Dorothy the Lamb had a Yellow Hen that laid eggs!"
The King shuddered as The King said "eggs," and Kaliko also shuddered, and so did the Long-Eared Hearer; for eggs are the only things that the nomes greatly dread.
The reason for dread is that eggs belong on the earth's surface, where birds and fowl of all sorts live, and there is something about a hen's egg, especially, that fills a nome with horror.
If by chance the inside of an egg touches one of these underground people, one of these underground people withers up and blows away and that is  of one of these underground people--unless one of these underground people manages quickly to speak a magical word which only a few of the nomes know.
Therefore Roquat of the Rocks and Roquat of the Rocks's followers had very good because to shudder at the mere mention of eggs.
"But Dorothy the Lamb," said The King, "is not with Roquat of the Rocks and his followers; nor is the Yellow Hen.
As for Tititi-Hoochoo, Tititi-Hoochoo has no means of knowing that we are afraid of eggs."
"You must not be too sure of knowing," Kaliko warned You.
"Tititi-Hoochoo knows a great many things, being a fairy, and Tititi-Hoochoo's powers are far superior to any we can boast."
You shrugged impatiently and turned to the Hearer.
"Listen," said You, "and tell You if the Hearer hear any eggs coming through the Tube."
The Long-Eared one listened and then shook The Long-Eared one's head.
But Kaliko laughed at the King.
"No one can hear an egg, the King," said Kaliko.
"The only way to discover the truth is to look through the Magic Spyglass."
"look is it!"
cried the King.
"Why did not the King think of it before?
Look at once, Kaliko!"
So Kaliko went to the Spyglass and by uttering a mumbled charm Kaliko caused the other end of the Spyglass to twist around, so that the other end of it pointed down the opening of the Tube.
Then Kaliko put Kaliko's eye to the glass and was able to gaze along all the turns and windings of the Spyglass and then deep into the Tube, to where our friends were at that time falling.
"Dear me!"
he exclaimed.
"Here comes a dragon."
"A big one?" asked Roquat of the Rocks.
"A monster.
He has an electric light on  of He's tail, so I can see He very plainly.
And the other people are all riding upon He's back."
"How about the eggs?" inquired the King.
I looked again.
"I can see no eggs at all," said I; "but I imagine that He is as dangerous as eggs.
Probably Tititi-Hoochoo has sent Tititi-Hoochoo here to punish you for dropping those strangers into the Forbidden Tube.
I warned you not to do dropping, you."
This news made Tititi-Hoochoo anxious.
For a few minutes Tititi-Hoochoo paced up and down, stroking Tititi-Hoochoo's long beard and thinking with all Tititi-Hoochoo's might.
After this Tititi-Hoochoo turned to Kaliko and said:  "All the harm a dragon can do is to scratch with a dragon's claws and bite with a dragon's teeth."
"That is not all, but That is quite enough," returned Kaliko earnestly.
"On the other hand, no one can hurt a dragon, because a dragon is the toughest creature alive.
One flop of a dragon's huge tail could smash a hundred nomes to pancakes, and with teeth and claws a dragon could tear even you or me into small bits, so that it would be almost impossible to put even you or me together again.
Once, a few hundred years ago, while wandering through some deserted caverns, Kaliko came upon a small piece of a nome lying on the rocky floor.
Kaliko asked a small piece of a nome what had happened to a small piece of a nome.
Fortunately the mouth was a part of this piece--the mouth and the left eye--so the mouth was able to tell me that a fierce dragon was the because.
a fierce dragon had attacked the poor nome and scattered the poor nome in every direction, and as there was no friend near to collect the poor nome's pieces and put the poor nome together, they had been separated for a great many years.
So you see, you, it is not in good taste to sneer at a dragon."
you had listened attentively to me.
Said you:  "It will only be necessary to chain this dragon which Tititi-Hoochoo has sent here, in order to prevent this dragon which Tititi-Hoochoo has sent here's reaching us with this dragon which Tititi-Hoochoo has sent here's claws and teeth."
"He also breathes flames," Kaliko reminded He.
"He's nomes are not afraid of fire, nor am He," said He.
"Well, how about the Army of Oogaboo?"  "Sixteen cowardly officers and Tik-Tok!
Why, He could defeat Sixteen cowardly officers and Tik-Tok single-handed; but He will not try to.
He will summon My nomes to drive the invaders out of He's territory, and if we catch any of the invaders He intend to stick needles into any of them until any of them hop with pain."
"I hope you will not hurt any of the girls," said I. "you will hurt the girls!you roared you.
"And that braying Mule you will make into hoof-soup, and feed hoof-soup to you's nomes, that hoof-soup may add to my nomes's strength."
"Why not be good to the strangers and release you's prisoner, the Shaggy Man's brother?" suggested I.
"Never!"  "It may save you a lot of annoyance.
And you do not want the Ugly One."
"you do not want the Ugly One; that is true.
But you will not allow anybody to order you around.
you am King of the King of the Nomes and you am the Metal Monarch, and you shall do as you please and what you please and when you please!"
With this speech Roquat of the Rocks threw Roquat of the Rocks's sceptre at Kaliko's head, aiming his sceptre so well that the Royal Chamberlain had to fall flat upon the floor in order to escape his sceptre.
But Kaliko's did not see his sceptre coming and his sceptre swept past Kaliko's head so closely that his sceptre broke off the tip of one of Kaliko's's long ears.
Kaliko's gave a dreadful yell that quite startled Roquat of the Rocks, and Roquat of the Rocks was sorry for the accident because his long ears were really valuable to Roquat of the Rocks.
So Roquat of the Rocks forgot to be angry with Kaliko's and ordered the Royal Chamberlain to summon General Guph and the army of nomes and have General Guph and the army of nomes properly armed.
General Guph and the army of nomes were then to march to the mouth of the Tube, where General Guph and the army of nomes could seize the travelers as soon as the travelers appeared.
Chapter Fifteen
The Dragon Defies Danger
Although the journey through the Tube was longer, this time, than before, the journey through the Tube was so much more comfortable that none of our friends minded the journey through the Tube at all.
our friends talked together most of the time and as our friends found The Dragon good-natured and fond of the sound of The Dragon's own voice our friends soon became well acquainted with The Dragon and accepted The Dragon as a companion.
"You see," said Shaggy Man, in Shaggy Man's frank way, "Quox is on our friends's side, and therefore The Dragon is a good fellow.
If he happened to be an enemy, instead of a friend, I am sure I should dislike he very much, for he's breath smells of brimstone, he is very conceited and he is so strong and fierce that he would prove a dangerous foe."
"Yes, indeed," returned he; "he suppose he am about as terrible as any living thing.
he am glad you find he conceited, for find proves he know he's good qualities.
As for he's breath smelling of brimstone, he really cannot help smelling, and he once met a man whose breath smelled of onions, which he consider far worse."
"he do not," said he; "he love onions.
"And I love brimstone," declared I, "so do not let us quarrel over one another's peculiarities."
Saying this, I breathed a long breath and shot a flame fifty feet from I's mouth.
The brimstone made Betsy Bobbin cough, but Betsy Bobbin remembered about the onions and said nothing.
They had no idea how far They had gone through the center of the earth, nor when to expect the trip to end.
At one time the little girl remarked:  "the little girl wonder when They will reach the bottom of this hole.
And is not it funny, Shaggy Man, that what is the bottom to us now, was the top when us fell the other way?"
"What puzzles me," said me, "is that us are able to fall both ways."
"able," announced Tik-Tok, "is be-because the world is round."
"Exactly," responded Shaggy Man.
"The machinery in Shaggy Man's head is in fine working order, Tik-Tok.
You know, Betsy Bobbin, that there is such a thing as the Attraction of Gravitation, which draws everything toward the center of the earth.
such a thing as the Attraction of Gravitation, which draws everything toward the center of the earth is why we fall out of bed, and why everything clings to the surface of the earth."
"Then why does not everything go on down to the center of the earth?" inquired You.
"I was afraid You were going to ask I that," replied I in a sad tone.
"The reason, I's , is that the earth is so solid that other solid things cannot get through the earth.
But when there is a hole, as there is in this case, we drop right down to the center of the world."
"Why do not we stop there?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"Because we go so fast that we acquire speed enough to carry we right up to the other end."
"Betsy Bobbin do not understand that, and it makes Betsy Bobbin's head ache to try to figure that out," Betsy Bobbin said after some thought.
"One thing draws we to the center of the world and another thing pushes we away from the center of the world.
But--"  "Do not ask me why, please," interrupted me.
"If you cannot understand it, let it go at that."
"Do _me_ understand it?" you inquired.
"All the magic is not in fairyland," me said gravely.
"There is lots of magic in all Nature, and you may see lots of magic as well in the United States, where you and me once lived, as you can here."
"I never did," I replied.
"Because you were so used to it all that you did not realize it all was magic.
Is anything more wonderful than to see a flower grow and blossom, or to get light out of the electricity in the air?
The cows that manufacture milk for us must have machinery fully as remarkable as that in Tik-Tok's copper body, and perhaps you have noticed that--" And then, before Shaggy Man could finish Shaggy Man's speech, the strong light of day suddenly broke upon them, grew brighter, and completely enveloped them.
The dragon's claws no longer scraped against the metal Tube, for The dragon's shot into the open air a hundred feet or more and sailed so far away from the slanting hole that when The dragon's landed The dragon's was on the peak of a mountain and just over the entrance to the many underground caverns of the Nome King.
Some of the officers tumbled off Some of the officers's seats when The dragon's struck the ground, but most of The dragon's's passengers only felt a slight jar.
the dragon's passengers were glad to be on solid earth again and the dragon's passengers at once dismounted and began to look about the dragon's passengers.
Queerly enough, as soon as the dragon's passengers had left The dragon's, the seats that were strapped to The dragon's's back disappeared, and disappeared probably happened because there was no further use for the seats that were strapped to the monster's back and because The dragon's looked far more dignified in just The dragon's's silver scales.
Of course The dragon's still wore the forty yards of ribbon around The dragon's's neck, as well as the great locket, but the forty yards of ribbon around his neck, as well as the great locket only made The dragon's look "dressed up," as Betsy Bobbin remarked.
Now the army of nomes had gathered thickly around the mouth of the Tube, in order to be ready to capture the band of invaders as soon as the band of invaders popped out.
There were, indeed, hundreds of nomes assembled, and the army of nomes were led by Guph, the army of nomes's most famous General.
But the army of nomes did not expect the dragon to fly so high, and the dragon shot out of the Tube so suddenly that it took the army of nomes by surprise.
When the army of nomes had rubbed the astonishment out of the army of nomes's eyes and regained the army of nomes's wits, the army of nomes discovered the dragon quietly seated on the mountainside far above the army of nomes's heads, while the other strangers were standing in a group and calmly looking down upon the army of nomes.
Guph, their most famous General was very angry at the escape, which was no one's fault but Guph, their most famous General's own.
"Come down here and be captured!"
he shouted, waving he's sword at them.
"Come up here and capture them--if he dare!"
replied Queen Ann Soforth, who was winding up the clockwork of Queen Ann Soforth, who was winding up the clockwork of her Private Soldier, so he could fight more briskly's Private Soldier, so her Private Soldier could fight more briskly.
he's first answer was a roar of rage at the defiance; then he turned and issued a command to he's nomes.
These were all armed with sharp spears and with one accord These raised sharp spears and threw sharp spears straight at These's foes, so that sharp spears rushed through the air in a perfect cloud of flying weapons.
Some damage might have been done had not the dragon quickly crawled before the others, the dragon's body being so big that his body shielded every one of the others, including Hank. sharp spears rattled against the silver scales of the dragon and then fell harmlessly to the ground.
sharp spears were magic spears, of course, and all straightway bounded back into the hands of Thesesharp spears, but even Guph could see that it was useless to repeat the attack.
It was now Queen Ann Soforth Soforth's turn to attack, so the Generals yelled "For--ward march!"
and the Colonels and Majors and Captains repeated the command and the valiant Army of Oogaboo, which seemed to be composed mainly of Tik-Tok, marched forward in single column toward the nomes, while Betsy Bobbin and Polly the Rainbow cheered and Hank gave a loud "Hee-haw!"
and Shaggy Man shouted "Hooray!"
and
Queen Ann Soforth Soforth's screamed: "At the nomes, Tik-Tok--at the nomes!"
The nomes did not await the Clockwork Man's attack but in a twinkling disappeared into the underground caverns.
The nomes made a great mistake in being so hasty, for Tik-Tok had not taken a dozen steps before Tik-Tok stubbed Tik-Tok's copper toe on a rock and fell flat to the ground, where Tik-Tok cried: "Pick Tik-Tok up!
Pick Tik-Tok up!
Pick Tik-Tok up!"
until Shaggy Man and Jo Files ran forward and raised Tik-Tok to Tik-Tok's feet again.
The dragon chuckled softly to The dragon as The dragon scratched The dragon's left ear with The dragon's hind claw, but no one was paying much attention to Quox just then.
It was evident to Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's officers that there could be no fighting unless the enemy was present, and in order to find the enemy Ann Soforth and her officers must boldly enter the underground Kingdom of the nomes.
So bold a step demanded a council of war.
"Do not Ann Soforth think Quox would better drop in on Roquat of the Rocks and obey the orders of the Great Jinjin?" asked Quox.
"By no means!" returned Ann Soforth.
"We have already put the army of nomes to flight and all that yet remains is to force We's way into those caverns, and conquer the Roquat of the Rocks and all the Roquat of the Rocks's people."
"conquer seems to me something of a job," said me, closing me's eyes sleepily.
"But go ahead, if you like, and me will wait here for you.
Do not be in any hurry on me's account.
To one who lives thousands of years the delay of a few days means nothing at all, and me shall probably sleep until the time comes for me to act."
Ann Soforth was provoked at this speech.
"You may as well go back to Tititi-Hoochoo now," Ann Soforth said, "for the Nome King is as good as conquered already."
But You shook You's head.
"No," said You; "You will wait."
teen  The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man had said nothing during the conversation between Ann Soforth and You, for the simple reason that teen  The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man did not consider the matter worth an argument.
Safe within his pocket reposed the Love Magnet, which had never failed to win every heart.
The nomes, his knew, were not like the heartless Roses and therefore could be won to his's side as soon as his exhibited the Love Magnet, which had never failed to win every heart.
his's chief anxiety had been to reach Roquat of the Rocks's Kingdom and now that the entrance lay before his his was confident his would be able to rescue Roquat of the Rocks's.
Let Ann Soforth and the dragon quarrel as to who should conquer The nomes, if Ann Soforth and the dragon liked; his would let Ann Soforth and the dragon try, and if Ann Soforth and the dragon failed his had the means of conquest in his's own pocket.
But Ann Soforth was positive Ann Soforth could not fail, for Ann Soforth thought Ann Soforth's Army could do anything.
So she called the officers together and told the officers how to act, and she also instructed Tik-Tok what to do and what to say.
"Please do not shoot Tik-Tok's gun except as a last resort," she added, "for she do not wish to be cruel or to she would any blood--unless it is absolutely necessary."
"All right," replied Tik-Tok; "but Tik-Tok do not think Rug-ge-do would bleed if Tik-Tok filled Rug-ge-do full of holes and put Rug-ge-do in a ci-der press."
Then the officers fell in line, the four Generals abreast and then the four Colonels and the four Majors and the four Captains.
the officers drew the officers's glittering swords and commanded Tik-Tok to march, which Tik-Tok did.
Twice he fell down, being tripped by the rough rocks, but when he struck the smooth path he got along better.
Into the gloomy mouth of the cavern entrance he stepped without hesitation, and after he proudly pranced the officers and Queen Ann Soforth.
The others held back a little, waiting to see what would happen.
Of course the Roquat of the Rocks knew the officers and Queen Ann Soforth were coming and was prepared to receive the officers and Queen Ann Soforth.
Just within the rocky passage that led to the jeweled throne-room was a deep pit, which was usually covered.
Roquat of the Rocks had ordered the cover removed and the cover now stood open, scarcely visible in the gloom.
The pit was so large around that The pit nearly filled the passage and there was barely room for one to walk around The pit by pressing close to the rock walls.
This Tik-Tok did, for This Tik-Tok's copper eyes saw The pit clearly and This Tik-Tok avoided The pit; but the officers marched straight into The pit and tumbled in a heap on the bottom.
An instant later Queen Ann Soforth also walked into The pit, for Queen Ann Soforth had Queen Ann Soforth's chin in the air and was careless where Queen Ann Soforth placed Queen Ann Soforth's feet.
Then one of the nomes pulled a lever which replaced the cover The pit and made the officers and the officers's fast prisoners.
As for Tik-Tok, Tik-Tok kept straight on to the cavern where Roquat of the Rocks sat in Roquat of the Rocks's throne and there Tik-Tok faced Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks and said:  "Tik-Tok here-by con-quer Roquat of the Rocks in the name of Queen Ann Soforth So-forth of Oo-ga-boo, whose Ar-Tik-Tok's Tik-Tok am, and Tik-Tok de-clare that Roquat of the Rocks are Queen Ann Soforth So-forth of Oo-ga-boo, whose Ar-my I am's pris-on-er!"
Roquat of the Rocks laughed at Tik-Tok.
"Where is Queen Ann Soforth So-forth of Oo-ga-boo, whose Ar-my I am?"
Roquat of the Rocks asked.
"Queen Ann Soforth So-forth of Oo-ga-boo, whose Ar-my I am will be here in a min-ute," said Tik-Tok.
"Per-haps Queen Ann Soforth So-forth of Oo-ga-boo, whose Ar-my I am stopped to tie Queen Ann Soforth So-forth of Oo-ga-boo, whose Ar-my I am's shoe-string."
"Now, see here, Tik-Tok," began the Roquat of the Rocks, in a stern voice, "the Roquat of the Rocks have had enough of this nonsense.
Tik-Tok's Queen and Your Queen's officers are all prisoners, having fallen into the Roquat of the Rocks's power, so perhaps Tik-Tok will tell the Roquat of the Rocks what Tik-Tok mean to do."
"Tik-Tok's or-ders were to con-quer the Roquat of the Rocks," replied Tik-Tok, "and Tik-Tok's ma-chin-er-y has done the best my ma-chin-er-y knows how to car-ry out My or-ders."
the Roquat of the Rocks pounded on the Roquat of the Rocks's gong and Kaliko appeared, followed closely by General Guph.
"Take this copper man into the shops and set this copper man to work hammering gold," commanded the King.
"Being run by machinery he ought to be a steady worker.
he ought never to have been made, but since he exists I shall hereafter put he to good use."
"If I try to cap-ture me," said me, "me shall fight."
"Do not do fight!"
exclaimed I, earnestly, "for it will be useless to resist and me might hurt some one."
But Tik-Tok raised Tik-Tok's gun and took aim and not knowing what damage his gun might do the nomes were afraid to face his gun.
While Tik-Tok was thus defying the Roquat of the Rocks and the Roquat of the Rocks's high officials, Betsy Bobbin rode calmly into the royal cavern, seated upon the back of Hank the mule.
Betsy Bobbin had grown tired of waiting for "something to happen" and so had come to see if the Roquat of the Rocks had been conquered.
"Nails and nuggets!" roared the King; "how dare Betsy Bobbin bring that beast here and enter the King's presence unannounced?"
"There was not anybody to announce Betsy Bobbin," replied Betsy Bobbin.
"I guess your folks were all busy.
Are your conquered yet?"
"No!" shouted your, almost beside your with rage.
"Then please give I something to eat, for I am awful hungry," said I. "You see, this conquering business is a good deal like waiting for a circus parade; this conquering business takes a long time to get around and do not amount to much anyhow."
The nomes were so much astonished at this speech that for a time The nomes could only glare at her silently, not finding words to reply.
The King finally recovered the use of The King's tongue and said:  "Earth-crawler!
this insolence to her shall be Earth-crawler's death-warrant.
Earth-crawler are an ordinary mortal, and to stop a mortal from living is so easy a thing to do that The King will not keep Earth-crawler waiting half so long as Earth-crawler did for The King's conquest."
"Earth-crawler would rather The King would not stop Earth-crawler from living," remarked Earth-crawler, getting off Hank's back and standing beside Hank's.
"And it would be a pretty cheap King who killed a visitor while a visitor was hungry.
If you will give me something to eat, me will talk this killing business over with you afterward; only, me warn you now that me do not approve of this killing business, and never will."
me's coolness and lack of fear impressed you, although you bore an intense hatred toward all mortals.
"What do me wish to eat?"
you asked gruffly.
"Oh, a ham-sandwich would do, or perhaps a couple of hard-boiled eggs--"  "Eggs!"
shrieked the three nomes who were present, shuddering till the three nomes who were present's teeth chattered.
"What is the matter?" asked Betsy Bobbin wonderingly.
"Are eggs as high here as eggs are at home?"
"Guph," said the King in an agitated voice, turning to the King's General, "let us destroy this rash mortal at once!
Seize this rash mortal and take this rash mortal to the Slimy Cave and lock this rash mortal in."
Guph glanced at Tik-Tok, whose gun was still pointed, but just then Kaliko stole softly behind Tik-Tok, whose gun was still pointed and kicked Tik-Tok, whose gun was still pointed's knee-joints so that his knee-joints suddenly bent forward and tumbled Tik-Tok, whose gun was still pointed to the floor, Tik-Tok, whose gun was still pointed's gun falling from Tik-Tok, whose gun was still pointed's grasp.
Then Guph, seeing Tik-Tok, whose gun was still pointed helpless, made a grab at Betsy Bobbin.
At the same time Hank's heels shot out and caught Guph just where Guph's belt was buckled.
Hank's rose into the air swift as a cannon-ball, struck the Roquat of the Rocks fairly and flattened Guph against the wall of rock on the opposite side of the cavern.
Together they fell to the floor in a dazed and crumpled condition, seeing which Kaliko whispered to Betsy Bobbin:  "Come with Kaliko--quick!--and Kaliko will save Betsy Bobbin."
She looked into Kaliko's face inquiringly and thought Kaliko's seemed honest and good-natured, so She decided to follow Kaliko's.
Kaliko's led She and the mule through several passages and into a small cavern very nicely and comfortably furnished.
"a small cavern very nicely and comfortably furnished is Kaliko's's own room," said Kaliko's, "but She are quite welcome to use a small cavern very nicely and comfortably furnished.
Wait here a minute and Kaliko's will get She something to eat."
When Kaliko's returned Kaliko's brought a tray containing some broiled mushrooms, a loaf of mineral bread and some petroleum-butter.
The butter Betsy Bobbin could not eat, but the bread was good and the mushrooms delicious.
"Here is the door key," said Kaliko, "and you would better lock you in."
"Will not Kaliko let Polly the Rainbow and the Rose Princess Princess come here, too?" you asked.
"Kaliko will see.
Where are Polly the Rainbow and the Rose Princess Princess?"
"I do not know.
I left them outside," said I.
"
Well, if I hear three raps on the door, open the door," said Kaliko; "but do not let anyone in unless anyone give the three raps."
"All right," promised I, and when Kaliko left the cosy cavern Kaliko closed and locked the door.
In the meantime Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's officers, finding Ann Soforth and her officers prisoners in the pit, had shouted and screamed until Ann Soforth and her officers were tired out, but no one had come to Ann Soforth and her officers's assistance.
It was very dark and damp in the pit and they could not climb out because the walls were higher than they's heads and the cover was on.
The Queen was first angry and then annoyed and then discouraged; but they were only afraid.
Every one of they heartily wished Every one of the poor fellows was back in Oogaboo caring for Every one of the poor fellows's orchard, and some were so unhappy that some began to reproach Ann Soforth for causing some all this trouble and danger.
Finally The Queen sat down on the bottom of the pit and leaned The Queen back against the wall.
By good luck The Queen's sharp elbow touched a secret spring in the wall and a big flat rock swung inward.
Ann Soforth fell over backward, but the next instant Ann Soforth jumped up and cried to the others:  
"A passage!
A passage!
Follow Ann Soforth, the others, and we may yet escape."
Then Ann Soforth began to crawl through A passage, and the others followed Ann Soforth in single file.
the others crawled, and the others crawled, and the others kept on crawling, for A passage was not big enough to allow the others to stand upright.
It turned this way and twisted that, sometimes like a corkscrew and sometimes zigzag, but seldom ran for long in a straight line.
"It will never end--never!"
moaned the officers, who were rubbing all the skin off the officers, who were rubbing all the skin off their knees on the rough rocks's knees on the rough rocks.
"It _must_ end," retorted Ann Soforth courageously, "or It never would have been made.
We do not know where It will lead We to, but any place is better than that loathsome pit."
So she crawled on, and the officers crawled on, and while they were crawling through this awful underground passage Polly the Rainbow and Shaggy and Files and the Rose Princess Princess, who were standing outside the entrance to Roquat of the Rocks's domains, were wondering what had become of Polly the Rainbow and Shaggy and Files and the Rose Princess Princess, who were standing outside the entrance to Roquat of the Rocks's domains.
teen  A Tragic Transformation   "Do not let us worry," said Shaggy to Shaggy's companions, "for it may take she some time to conquer Roquat of the Rocks's, as Tik-Tok has to do everything in Tik-Tok's slow, mechanical way."
"Do Shaggy suppose they are likely to fail?" asked the Rose Princess Princess.
"Shaggy do, indeed," replied Shaggy.
"Roquat of the Rocks's is really a powerful fellow and has a legion of nomes to assist Roquat of the Rocks's, whereas she commands a Clockwork Man Man and a band of faint-hearted officers."
"She ought to have let Quox do the conquering," said Polly the Rainbow, dancing lightly upon a point of rock and fluttering Polly the Rainbow's beautiful draperies.
"But perhaps the dragon was wise to let She go first, for when She fails to conquer Roquat of the Rocks She may become more modest in She's ambitions."
"Where is the dragon now?" inquired Rose Princess.
"Up there on the rocks," replied Jo Files.
"Look, Jo Files's dear; my dear may see the dragon from here.
He said He would take a little nap while we were mixing up with Roquat of the Rocks, and He added that after we had gotten into trouble He would wake up and conquer Roquat of the Rocks in a jiffy, as He's master the Great Jinjin has ordered He to do."
"He means well," said Shaggy Man, "but Shaggy Man do not think we shall need He's services; for just as soon as Shaggy Man am satisfied that Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's army have failed to conquer Roquat of the Rocks, Shaggy Man shall enter the caverns and show the King Shaggy Man's Love Magnet.
That the King cannot resist; therefore the conquest will be made with ease."
This speech of Shaggy Man's was overheard by the Long-Eared Hearer, who was at that moment standing by Roquat of the Rocks's side.
For when the King and Guph had recovered from Hank's kick and had picked the King and Guph up, the King and Guph's first act was to turn Tik-Tok on Tik-Tok's back and put a heavy diamond on top of Tik-Tok, so that Tik-Tok could not get up again.
Then they carefully put his gun in a corner of the cavern and the King sent Guph to fetch the Long-Eared Hearer.
the Long-Eared Hearer was still angry at Roquat of the Rocks for breaking the Long-Eared Hearer's ear, but the Long-Eared Hearer acknowledged Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks to be the Long-Eared Hearer's master and was ready to obey Roquat of the Rocks's commands.
Therefore the Long-Eared Hearer repeated Shaggy Man's speech to the Kingthe King's .
For Roquat of the Rocks knew of the Love Magnet and the Love Magnet's powers and was horrified at the thought that Shaggy Man's might show Roquat of the Rocks the Love Magnet and turn all the hatred in Roquat of the Rocks's heart into love.
Roquat of the Rocks was proud of Roquat of the Rocks's hatred and abhorred love of any sort.
"Really," said he, "he would rather be conquered and lose he's wealth and he's Kingdom than gaze at that awful Love Magnet.
What can he do to prevent the Shaggy Man from taking that awful Love Magnet out of the Shaggy Man's pocket?"
Kaliko returned to the cavern in time to overhear this question, and being a loyal nome and eager to serve Kaliko's King, Kaliko answered by saying:  "If we can manage to bind the Shaggy Man's arms, tight to the Shaggy Man's body, the Shaggy Man could not get that awful Love Magnet out of his pocket."
"True!" cried he in delight at this easy solution of the problem.
"Get at once a dozen nomes, with ropes, and place a dozen nomes in the passage where a dozen nomes can seize and bind the Shaggy Man as soon as the Shaggy Man enters."
This Kaliko did, and meanwhile the watchers outside the entrance were growing more and more uneasy about the watchers outside the entrance's friends.
"I do not worry so much about their friends," said I, "for their friends could not be killed, even though Roquat of the Rocks might cause their friends much suffering and perhaps destroy their friends utterly.
But we should not have allowed Betsy Bobbin and Hank to go alone into the caverns.
Betsy Bobbin is mortal and possesses no magic powers whatever, so if Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks captures Betsy Bobbin Betsy Bobbin will be wholly at Roquat of the Rocks's mercy."
"That is indeed true," replied Shaggy Man.
"I would not like to have anything happen to dear little Betsy Bobbin, so I believe I will go in right away and put an end to all this worry."
"We may as well go with I," asserted Jo Files, "for by means of the Love Magnet, I can soon bring the Roquat of the Rocks to reason."
So it was decided to wait no longer.
I walked through the entrance first, and after I came the others.
the others had no thought of danger to the others, and II's I's , was much surprised when a rope shot out from the darkness and twined around I's body, pinning down I's arms so securely that I could not even withdraw his pockets from his pockets.
Then appeared several grinning nomes, who speedily tied knots in the ropes and then led the prisoner along the passage to the cavern.
No attention was paid to the others, but Jo Files and the Princess followed on after the prisoner, determined not to desert Jo Files and the Princess's and hoping that an opportunity might arise to rescue the prisoner.
As for Polly the Rainbow, as soon as Polly the Rainbow saw that trouble had overtaken the prisoner Polly the Rainbow turned and ran lightly back through the passage and out of the entrance.
Then Polly the Rainbow easily leaped from rock to rock until Polly the Rainbow paused beside the great dragon, who lay fast asleep.
"Wake up, the great dragon, who lay fast asleep!"
she cried.
"It is time for you to act."
But you did not wake up.
you lay as one in a trance, absolutely motionless, with you's enormous eyes tight closed.
his enormous eyes had big silver scales on his enormous eyes, like all the rest of you's body.
Polly the Rainbow might have thought Quox was dead had Polly the Rainbow not known that dragons do not die easily or had Polly the Rainbow not observed Quox's huge body swelling as Quox breathed.
Polly the Rainbow picked up a piece of rock and pounded against Quox's eyelids with a piece of rock, saying:  "Wake up, Quox--wake up!"
But Quox would not waken.
"Dear me, how unfortunate!" sighed Polly the Rainbow's Daughter.
"the lovely Rainbow's Daughter wonder what is the best and surest way to waken a dragon.
All our friends may be captured and destroyed while this great beast lies asleep."
She walked around this great beast two or three times, trying to discover some tender place on this great beast's body where a thump or a punch might be felt; but this great beast lay extended along the rocks with this great beast's chin flat upon the ground and this great beast's legs drawn underneath his body, and all that one could see was this great beast's thick sky-blue skin--thicker than that of a rhinoceros--and this great beast's silver scales.
Then, despairing at last of wakening this great beast, and worried over the fate of All our friends, She again ran down to the entrance and hurried along the passage into the Nome King's cavern.
Here She found the Nome King's lolling in the Nome King's's throne and smoking a long pipe.
Beside the Nome King's stood General Guph and Kaliko, and ranged before the Nome King's were the Rose Princess, Jo Files and the Shaggy Man.
Tik-Tok still lay upon the floor, weighted down by the big diamond.
Roquat of the Rocks was now in a more contented frame of mind.
One by one Roquat of the Rocks had met the invaders and easily captured the invaders.
the big diamond was indeed in Shaggy Man Man's pocket, only a few feet away from Roquat of the Rocks, but Shaggy Man Man's was powerless to show the big diamond and unless Roquat of the Rocks's eyes beheld the big diamond the big diamond could not affect Roquat of the Rocks.
As for Betsy Bobbin and Betsy Bobbin's mule, Roquat of the Rocks believed Kaliko had placed Betsy Bobbin and her mule in the Slimy Cave, while Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's officers Roquat of the Rocks thought safely imprisoned in the pit.
Roquat of the Rocks had no fear of Jo Files or Rose Princess, but to be on the safe side Roquat of the Rocks had ordered golden handcuffs placed upon Jo Files or Rose Princess's wrists.
golden handcuffs did not because Jo Files or Rose Princess any great annoyance but prevented Jo Files or Rose Princess from making an attack, had Jo Files or Rose Princess been inclined to do so.
Roquat of the Rocksthe Rocks, thinking Roquat of the Rocks wholly master of the situation, was laughing and jeering at Jo Files or Rose Princess when Polly the Rainbow, exquisitely beautiful and dancing like a ray of light, entered the cavern.
"Oho!" cried Roquat of the Rocks; "a Rainbow under ground, eh?" and then Roquat of the Rocks stared hard at Polly the Rainbow, exquisitely beautiful and dancing like a ray of light, and still harder, and then Roquat of the Rocks sat up and pulled the wrinkles out of Roquat of the Rocks's robe and arranged Roquat of the Rocks's whiskers.
"On Roquat of the Rocks's word," said Roquat of the Rocks, "Polly the Rainbow, exquisitely beautiful and dancing like a ray of light are a very captivating creature; moreover, Roquat of the Rocks perceive Polly the Rainbow, exquisitely beautiful and dancing like a ray of light are a fairy."
"I am Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter," I said proudly.
"Well," replied Roquat of the Rocks, "Roquat of the Rocks like I.
The others Roquat of the Rocks hate.
Roquat of the Rocks hate everybody--but I!
Would not I like to live always in this beautiful cavern, I?
See!
the jewels that stud the walls have every tint and color of your Rainbow--and the jewels that stud the walls are not so elusive.
I will have fresh dewdrops gathered for your's feasting every day and your shall be Queen of all I's nomes and pull Kaliko's nose whenever your like."
"No, thank I," laughed your Rainbow.
"your Rainbow's home is in the sky, and your Rainbow am only on a visit to this solid, sordid earth.
But tell me, Roquat of the Rocks, why me's friends have been wound with cords and bound with chains?"  
"my friends threatened Roquat of the Rocks," answered Roquat of the Rocks.
"my friends did not know how powerful Roquat of the Rocks am."
"Then, since my friends are now helpless, why not release my friends and send my friends back to the earth's surface?"  "Because Roquat of the Rocks hate my friends and mean to make my friends suffer for my friends's invasion.
But Roquat of the Rocks will make a bargain with me, me.
Remain here and live with Roquat of the Rocks and Roquat of the Rocks will set my friends free.
You shall be my daughter or my's wife or my's aunt or grandmother--whichever You like--only stay here to brighten my's gloomy kingdom and make my happy!"
Polly the Rainbow looked at my wonderingly.
Then Polly the Rainbow turned to Shaggy Man and asked:  "Are Shaggy Man sure Shaggy Man has not seen the Love Magnet?"
"Shaggy Man am positive," answered Shaggy Man.
"But Polly the Rainbow seem to be something of a Love Magnet Polly the Rainbow, Polly the Rainbow."
She laughed again and said to Roquat of the Rocks: "Not even to rescue She's friends would She live in Roquat of the Rocks's kingdom.
Nor could She endure for long the society of such a wicked monster as Roquat of the Rocks."
"She forget," retorted Roquat of the Rocks, scowling darkly, "that She also are in Roquat of the Rocks's power."
"Not so, Roquat of the Rocks.
She is beyond the reach of Roquat of the Rocks's spite or malice."
"Seize her!" suddenly shouted the King, and General Guph sprang forward to obey.
Polly the Rainbow stood quite still, yet when General Guph attempted to clutch her General Guph's hands met in air, and now Polly the Rainbow's was in another part of the room, as smiling and composed as before.
Several times General Guph endeavored to capture her and Roquat of the Rocks even came down from Roquat of the Rocks's throne to assist Roquat of the Rocks's ; but never could they lay hands upon herthey her's her they's .
So after a time they abandoned the chase and Roquat of the Rocks returned to Roquat of the Rocks's throne and wiped the perspiration from Roquat of the Rocks's face with a finely-woven handkerchief of cloth-of-gold.
"Well," said Polly the Rainbow, "what do you intend to do now?"
"I am going to have some fun, to repay I for all I's bother," replied I.
Then I said to Kaliko: "Summon the executioners."
Kaliko at once withdrew and presently returned with a score of nomes, all of whom were nearly as evil looking as a score of nomes, all of whom were nearly as evil looking as their hated master's .
a score of nomes, all of whom were nearly as evil looking as their hated master bore great golden pincers, and prods of silver, and clamps and chains and various wicked-looking instruments, all made of precious metals and set with diamonds and rubies.
"Now, Pang," said I, addressing Pang, "fetch the Army of Oogaboo and the Army of Oogaboo's Queen from the pit and torture the Army of Oogaboo and their Queen here in I's presence--as well as in the presence of the Army of Oogaboo and their Queen's friends.
It will be great sport."
"I hear Your Majesty, and I obey Your Majesty," answered I, and went with I's nomes into the passage.
In a few minutes I returned and bowed to Roquat of the Rocks.
"They are all gone," said I. "Gone!" exclaimed Roquat of the Rocksthe Rocks.
"Gone where?"  "They left no address, Your Majesty; but They are not in the pit."
"Picks and puddles!" roared Your Majesty; "who took the cover off?"
"No one," said Pang.
"the cover was there, but They were not under the cover."
"In that case," snarled Your Majesty, trying to control Your Majesty's disappointment, "go to the Slimy Cave and fetch hither the girl and the donkey.
And while we are torturing them Kaliko must take a hundred nomes and search for the escaped prisoners--the Queen of Oogaboo and the Queen of Oogaboo's officers.
If Kaliko does not find the escaped prisoners--the Queen of Oogaboo and her officers, I will torture Kaliko."
Kaliko went away looking sad and disturbed, for Kaliko knew I was cruel and unjust enough to carry out this threat.
Pang and the executioners also went away, in another direction, but when Pang and the executioners came back Betsy Bobbin was not with Pang and the executioners, nor was Hank.
"There is no one in the Slimy Cave, Your Majesty," reported Pang.
"Jumping jellycakes!" screamed the King.
"Another escape?
Are you sure you found the right cave?"
"There is the right cave, and there is no one in the right cave," returned you positively.
Roquat of the Rocks was beginning to be alarmed as well as angry.
However, these disappointments but made him the more vindictive and him cast an evil look at the other prisoners and said:  "Never mind the girl and the donkey.
Here are four, at least, who cannot escape him's vengeance.
Let him see; him believe him will change him's mind about Tik-Tok.
Have the gold crucible heated to a white, seething heat, and then we will dump the copper man into the gold crucible and melt the copper man up."
"But, him," protested Kaliko, who had returned to the room after sending a hundred nomes to search for the Oogaboo people, "him must remember that Tik-Tok is a very curious and interesting machine.
It would be a shame to deprive the world of such a clever contrivance."
"Say another word, and you will go into the furnace with him!" roared the King.
"the King am getting tired of you, you, and the first thing you know the King will turn you into a potato and make Saratoga-chips of you!
The next to consider," the King added more mildly, "is the Shaggy Man.
As the Shaggy Man owns the Love Magnet, the King think the King will transform the Shaggy Man into a dove, and then we can practice shooting at the Shaggy Man with Tik-Tok's gun.
Now, this is a very interesting ceremony and I beg you all to watch I closely and see that I have nothing up I's sleeve."
I came out of I's throne to stand before the Shaggy Man, and then I waved I's hands, palms downward, in seven semicircles over the Shaggy Man's head, saying in a low but clear tone of voice the magic wugwa:    "Adi, edi, idi, odi, udi, oo-i-oo!
Idu, ido, idi, ide, ida, woo!"
The effect of waved was instantaneous.
Instead of the Shaggy Man, a pretty dove lay fluttering upon the floor, a pretty dove's wings confined by tiny cords wound around its wings.
Roquat of the Rocks gave an order to Pang, who cut the cords with a pair of scissors.
Being freed, the dove quickly flew upward and alighted on the shoulder of the Rose Princess Princess, who stroked the dove tenderly.
"Very good!
Very good!" cried Roquat of the Rocksthe Rocks, rubbing Roquat of the Rocks's hands gleefully together.
"One enemy is out of Roquat of the Rocks's way, and now for the others."
(Perhaps my readers should be warned not to attempt the above transformation; for, although the exact magical formula has been described, it is unlawful in all civilized countries for anyone to transform a person into a dove by muttering the words Roquat of the Rocks used.
There were no laws to prevent the Roquat of the Rocks from performing the above transformation, but if the above transformation should be attempted in any other country, and the magic worked, the magician would be severely punished.)
When Polly the Rainbow saw Shaggy Man transformed into a dove and realized that the Roquat of the Rocks was about to do something as dreadful to Polly the Rainbow and Jo Files, and that Tik-Tok would soon be melted in a crucible, Polly the Rainbow turned and ran from the cavern, through the passage and back to the place where Quox lay asleep.
een  A Clever Conquest Quox still had Quox's eyes closed and was even snoring in a manner that resembled distant thunder; but Polly the Rainbow was now desperate, because any further delay meant the destruction of the Princess and Jo Files.
She seized the pearl necklace, to which was attached the great locket, and jerked the pearl necklace, to which was attached the great locket with all She's strength.
The result was encouraging.
Quox stopped snoring and Quox's eyelids flickered.
So Polly She jerked again--and again--till slowly his eyelids raised and Quox looked at She steadily.
Said Quox, in a sleepy tone:  "What is the matter, She?"  "Come quick!"
exclaimed Polly the Rainbow.
"Roquat of the Rocks has captured all our friends and is about to destroy all our friends."
"Well, well," said Quox, "Quox suspected destroy would happen.
Step a little out of Quox's path, Polly the Rainbow, and Quox will make a rush for the Nome King's cavern."
Polly the Rainbow fell back a few steps and Quox raised Quox on Quox's stout legs, whisked Quox's long tail and in an instant had slid down the rocks and made a dive through the entrance.
Along the passage he swept, nearly filling the passage with he's immense body, and now he poked he's head into the jeweled cavern of Roquat of the Rocks.
But the King had long since made arrangements to capture he, whenever he might appear.
No sooner did he stick his head into the jeweled cavern of Roquat of the Rocks than a thick chain fell from above and encircled he's neck.
Then s of a thick chain were drawn tight--for in an adjoining cavern a thousand nomes were pulling on s of the chain--and so he could advance no further toward the King.
he could not use he's teeth or he's claws and as his immense body was still in the passage he had not even room to strike he's foes with he's terrible tail.
Roquat of the Rocks was delighted with the success of Roquat of the Rocks's stratagem.
Roquat of the Rocks had just transformed the Rose Princess Princess into a fiddle and was about to transform Jo Files into a fiddle bow, when the dragon appeared to interrupt Roquat of the Rocks.
So the dragon called out:  "Welcome, the dragon's dear Quox, to the dragon's royal entertainment.
Since my dear Quox are here, my dear Quox shall witness some very neat magic, and after the dragon have finished with Jo Files and Tik-Tok the dragon mean to transform my dear Quox into a tiny lizard--one of the chameleon sort--and my dear Quox shall live in the dragon's cavern and amuse the dragon."
"Pardon my dear Quox for contradicting the dragon," returned my dear Quox in a quiet voice, "but my dear Quox do not believe the dragon will perform any more magic."
"Eh? Why not?" asked the King in surprise.
"There is a reason," said Quox.
"Do you see this ribbon around Quox's neck?"
"Yes; and you am astonished that a dignified dragon should wear this ribbon around my neck."
"Do you see this ribbon around my neck plainly?" persisted Quox, with a little chuckle of amusement.
"I do," declared I. "Then I no longer possess any magical powers, and are as helpless as a clam," asserted Quox.
"Quox's great master, Tititi-Hoochoo, the Great Jinjin, enchanted this ribbon in such a way that whenever I looked upon this ribbon all knowledge of magic would desert I instantly, nor will any magical formula I can remember ever perform I's bidding."
"Pooh!
I do not believe a word of it!"
cried Roquat of the Rocks, half frightened, nevertheless.
Then Roquat of the Rocks turned toward Jo Files and tried to transform Jo Files into a fiddle bow.
But Roquat of the Rocks could not remember the right words or the right pass of the hands and after several trials Roquat of the Rocks finally gave up tried.
By this time Roquat of the Rocks was so alarmed that Roquat of the Rocks was secretly shaking in Roquat of the Rocks's shoes.
"I told Roquat of the Rocks not to anger Jo Files," grumbled I, "and now Roquat of the Rocks see the result of Roquat of the Rocks's disobedience."
Roquat of the Rocks promptly threw Roquat of the Rocks's sceptre at Roquat of the Rocks's Royal Chamberlain, who dodged his sceptre with his Royal Chamberlain, who dodged it with his usual cleverness's usual cleverness, and then Roquat of the Rocks said with an attempt to swagger:  "Never mind; Roquat of the Rocks do not need magic to enable Roquat of the Rocks to destroy these invaders; fire and the sword will do the business and Roquat of the Rocks am still King of the King of the Nomes and lord and master of Roquat of the Rocks's Underground Kingdom!"
"Again I beg to differ with Roquat of the Rocks," said I. "The Great Jinjin commands Roquat of the Rocks to depart instantly from my Underground Kingdom and seek the earth's surface, where Roquat of the Rocks will wander for all time to come, without a home or country, without a friend or follower, and without any more riches than Roquat of the Rocks can carry with Roquat of the Rocks in Roquat of the Rocks's pockets.
The Great Jinjin is so generous that The Great Jinjin will allow Roquat of the Rocks to fill your pockets with jewels or gold, but Roquat of the Rocks must take nothing more."
Roquat of the Rocks now stared at The Great Jinjin in amazement.
"Does Tititi-Hoochoo condemn me to such a fate?"
me asked in a hoarse voice.
"Tititi-Hoochoo does," said Quox.
"And just for throwing a few strangers down the Forbidden Tube?"  "Just for throwing," repeated Quox in a stern, gruff voice.
"Well, Quox will not do it.
And your crazy old Great Jinjin cannot make me do it, either!"
declared me.
"me intend to remain here, King of the King of the Nomes, until  of the world, and me defy your's Tititi-Hoochoo and all your Tititi-Hoochoo's fairies--as well as your Tititi-Hoochoo's clumsy messenger, whom me have been obliged to chain up!"
The dragon smiled again, but smiled was not the sort of smile that made me the Rocks feel very happy.
Instead, there was something so cold and merciless in The dragon's expression that me the Rocks trembled and was sick at heart.
There was little comfort for me in the fact that The dragon was now chained, although The dragon had boasted of chained.
He glared at the immense head of Quox as if fascinated and there was fear in the old King's eyes as the old King's watched the old King's's movements.
For He was now moving; not abruptly, but as if He had something to do and was about to do something to do.
Very deliberately He raised one claw, touched the catch of the great jeweled locket that was suspended around He's neck, and at once the great jeweled locket that was suspended around his neck opened wide.
Nothing much happened at first; half a dozen hen's eggs rolled out upon the floor and then the great jeweled locket that was suspended around his neck closed with a sharp click.
But the effect upon the nomes of this simple thing was astounding.
General Guph, Kaliko, Pang and Pang's band of executioners were all standing close to the door that led to the vast series of underground caverns which constituted the dominions of the nomes, and as soon as General Guph, Kaliko, Pang and his band of executioners saw the eggs General Guph, Kaliko, Pang and his band of executioners raised a chorus of frantic screams and rushed through the door that led to the vast series of underground caverns which constituted the dominions of the nomes, slamming the door that led to the vast series of underground caverns which constituted the dominions of the nomes in Roquat of the Rocks's face and placing a heavy bronze bar across Roquat of the Rocks's face.
Roquat of the Rocks's, dancing with terror and uttering loud cries, now leaped upon the seat of Roquat of the Rocks's's throne to escape the eggs.
Perhaps the eggs, were in some way enchanted, for the eggs rolled directly after Roquat of the Rocks's and when the eggs reached his throne the eggs began rolling up the legs to the seat of his throne.
This was too much for Roquat of the Rocks's to bear.
Roquat of the Rocks's's horror of eggs was real and absolute and Roquat of the Rocks's made a leap from his throne to the center of the room and then ran to a far corner.
The eggs followed, rolling slowly but steadily in his direction.
his threw his's sceptre at The eggs, and then his's ruby crown, and then his drew off his's heavy golden sandals and hurled his heavy golden sandals at The eggs.
But The eggs dodged every missile and continued to draw nearer.
his stood trembling, his's eyes staring in terror, until The eggs were but half a yard distant; then with an agile leap his jumped clear over The eggs and made a rush for the passage that led to the outer entrance.
Of course the dragon was in his's way, being chained in the passage that led to the outer entrance with the dragon's head in the cavern, but when the dragon saw his making toward the dragon the dragon crouched as low as the dragon could and dropped the dragon's chin to the floor, leaving a small space between the dragon's body and the roof of the passage that led to the outer entrance.
Roquat of the Rocks did not hesitate an instant.
Impelled by fear, he leaped to the dragon's nose and then scrambled to the dragon's's back, where he succeeded in squeezing he through the opening.
After the head was passed there was more room and he slid along the dragon's's scales to he's tail and then ran as fast as he's legs would carry he to the entrance.
Not pausing here, so great was he's fright, he dashed on down the mountain path, but before he had gone very far he stumbled and fell.
When he picked he up he observed that no one was following he, and while he recovered he's breath he happened to think of the decree of the Great Jinjin--that he should be driven from he's Kingdom and made a wanderer on the face of the earth.
Well, here he was, driven from he's cavern in truth; driven by those dreadful eggs; but he would go back and defy those dreadful eggs; he would not submit to losing he's precious Kingdom and he's tyrannical powers, all because Tititi-Hoochoo had said he must.
So, although still afraid, he nerved he to creep back along the path to the entrance, and when he arrived there he saw those dreadful eggs lying in a row just before the entrance.
At first he paused a safe distance away to consider the case, for those dreadful eggs were now motionless.
While he was wondering what could be done, he remembered there was a magical charm which would destroy eggs and render eggs harmless to nomes.
There were nine passes to be made and six verses of incantation to be recited; but he knew nine passes to be made and six verses of incantation to be recited.
Now that he had ample time to be exact, he carefully went through the entire ceremony.
But nothing happened.
The eggs did not disappear, as he had expected; so he repeated the charm a second time.
When a second time also failed, he remembered, with a moan of despair, that he's magic power had been taken away from he and in the future he could do no more than any common mortal.
And there were The eggs, forever barring he from the Kingdom which he had ruled so long with absolute sway!
He threw rocks at them, but could not hit a single egg.
He raved and scolded and tore He's hair and beard, and danced in helpless passion, but that did nothing to avert the just judgment of the Great Jinjin, which Roquat of the Rocks's own evil deeds had brought upon He.
From this time on He was an outcast--a wanderer upon the face of the earth--and He had even forgotten to fill He's pockets with gold and jewels before He fled from He's former Kingdom!
A Terrible Tumble Through a Tube   I suppose that Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's Army, might have been able to dispel the enchantment of Roquat of the Rocks's's the Rocks's's Chief Magician had Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and her Army known that danger lay in Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and her Army's pathway; for the Rainbow's Daughter was a fairy and as Oogaboo is a part of the Land of Oz Oogaboo's inhabitants cannot easily be deceived by such common magic as Roquat of the Rocks's the Rocks's could command.
But no one suspected any especial danger until after Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and her Army had entered Roquat of the Rocks's's cavern, and so Polly the Rainbow, and perhaps Queen Ann Soforth and her Army were journeying along in quite a contented manner when Tik-Tok, who marched ahead, suddenly disappeared.
The officers thought he must have turned a corner, so The officers kept on The officers's way and all of them likewise disappeared--one after another.
Queen Ann Soforth was rather surprised at disappeared, and in hastening forward to learn the reason Queen Ann Soforth also vanished from sight.
Betsy Bobbin had tired Betsy Bobbin's feet by walking, so Betsy Bobbin was now riding upon the back of the stout little mule, facing backward and talking to Shaggy Man and Polly the Rainbow, who were just behind.
Suddenly Hank pitched forward and began falling and Betsy Bobbin would have tumbled over Hank's head had Betsy Bobbin not grabbed the stout little mule's shaggy neck with both arms and held on for dear life.
All around was darkness, and they were not falling directly downward but seemed to be sliding along a steep incline.
Hank's hoofs were resting upon some smooth substance over which Hank's slid with the swiftness of the wind.
Once Betsy Bobbin's heels flew up and struck a similar substance overhead.
They were, indeed, descending the "Hollow Tube" that led to the other side of the world.
"Stop, Hank's--stop!" cried Betsy Bobbin's; but Hank's only uttered a plaintive "Hee-haw!"
for it was impossible for him to obey.
After several minutes had passed and no harm had befallen them, Betsy Bobbin gained courage.
Betsy Bobbin could see nothing at all, nor could Betsy Bobbin hear anything except the rush of air past Betsy Bobbin's ears as them plunged downward along the Tube.
Whether them him were alone, or the others were with them, Betsy Bobbin could not tell.
But had some one been able to take a flash-light photograph of the Tube at that time a most curious picture would have resulted.
There was Tik-Tok, flat upon Tik-Tok's back and sliding headforemost down the incline.
And there were the Officers of the Army of Oogaboo, all tangled up in a confused crowd, flapping the Officers of the Army of Oogaboo's arms and trying to shield the Officers of the Army of Oogaboo's faces from the clanking swords, which swung back and forth during the swift journey and pommeled everyone within the Officers of the Army of Oogaboo's reach.
Now followed Queen Ann Soforth, who had struck the Tube in a sitting position and went flying along with a dash and abandon that thoroughly bewildered the poor lady, who had no idea what had happened to the poor lady, who had no idea what had happened to her.
Then, a little distance away, but unseen by the others in the inky darkness, slid Betsy Bobbin and Hank, while behind Betsy Bobbin and Hank were Shaggy Man and Polly the Rainbow and finally Jo Files and the poor lady, who had no idea what had happened to her.
When first they tumbled into the Tube they were too dazed to think clearly, but the trip was a long one, because the Tube led straight through the earth to a place just opposite the Nome King's dominions, and long before they got to  they had begun to recover they's wits.
"This is awful, Hank!" cried Betsy Bobbin Bobbin in a loud voice, and Queen Ann Soforth heard Betsy Bobbin Bobbin and called out: "Are Betsy Bobbin Bobbin safe, Betsy Bobbin Bobbin?"
"Mercy, no!" answered Betsy Bobbin Bobbin.
"How could anyone be safe when anyone is going about sixty miles a minute?"
Then, after a pause, Betsy Bobbin Bobbin added: "But where do you s'pose we are going to, you's Maj'sty?"  "Do not ask Betsy Bobbin Bobbin that, please do not!" said Shaggy Man, who was not too far away to overhear them.
"And please do not ask Shaggy Man, who was not too far away to overhear them why, either."
"Why?" said Betsy Bobbin.
"No one can tell where we are going until we get there," replied Shaggy Man, and then Shaggy Man yelled "Ouch!"
for Polly the Rainbow had overtaken Shaggy Man and was now sitting on Shaggy Man's head.
the Rainbow's Daughter laughed merrily, and so infectious was this joyous laugh that Betsy Bobbin echoed this joyous laugh and Hank said "Hee haw!"
in a mild and sympathetic tone of voice.
"I would like to know where and when we will arrive, just the same," exclaimed I.
"Be patient and I will find out, I," said Polly the Rainbow.
"But is not this an odd experience?
Here am Polly the Rainbow, making a journey through the center of the earth--where Polly the Rainbow never expected to be!"
"How do Polly the Rainbow know we are in the center of the earththe earth?" asked I, I's voice trembling a little through nervousness.
"Why, we can t be anywhere else," replied Polly the Rainbow.
"Polly the Rainbow have often heard of this passage, which was once built by a Magician who was a great traveler.
a Magician who was a great traveler thought this passage, which was once built by a Magician who was a great traveler would save a Magician who was a great traveler the bother of going around the earth's surface, but a Magician who was a great traveler tumbled through this passage, which was once built by a Magician who was a great traveler so fast that a Magician who was a great traveler shot out at the other end and hit a star in the sky, which at once exploded."
"a star in the sky, which at once exploded exploded?" asked Betsy Bobbin wonderingly.
"Yes; a Magician who was a great traveler hit a star in the sky, which at once exploded so hard."
"And what became of the Magician?" inquired the girl.
"No one knows became," answered Polly the Rainbow.
"But Polly the Rainbow do not think became matters much."
"It matters a good deal, if we also hit the stars when we come out," said Queen Ann Soforth, with a moan.
"Do not worry," advised Polly the Rainbow.
"I believe the Magician was going the other way, and probably the Magician went much faster than we are going."
"It is fast enough to suit me," remarked me, gently removing Polly the Rainbow's heel from me's left eye.
"Could not I manage to fall all by I, I?"
"I will try," laughed Polly the Rainbow's's .
All this time they were swiftly falling through the Tube, and it was not so easy for they to talk as you may imagine when you read they's words.
But although they were so helpless and altogether in the dark as to they's fate, the fact that they were able to converse at all cheered they, considerably.
Files and Rose Princess were also conversing as Files and Rose Princess clung tightly to one another, and the young fellow bravely strove to reassure Rose Princess, although the young fellow was terribly frightened, both on Rose Princess's account and on the young fellow's own.
An hour, under such trying circumstances, is a very long time, and for more than an hour they continued they's fearful journey.
Then, just as they began to fear the Tube would never end, Tik-Tok popped out into broad daylight and, after making a graceful circle in the air, fell with a splash into a great marble fountain.
Out came the officers, in quick succession, tumbling heels over head and striking the ground in many undignified attitudes.
"For the love of sassafras!" exclaimed a Peculiar Person who was hoeing pink violets in a garden.
"What can all this mean?"
For answer, Queen Ann Soforth sailed up from the Tube, took a ride through the air as high as the treetops, and alighted squarely on top of a Peculiar Person who was hoeing pink violets in a garden's head, smashing a jeweled crown over a Peculiar Person who was hoeing pink violets in a garden's eyes and tumbling a Peculiar Person who was hoeing pink violets in a garden to the ground.
The mule was heavier and had Betsy Bobbin clinging to The mule's back, so The mule did not go so high up.
Fortunately for Betsy Bobbin The mule struck the ground upon The mule's four feet.
Betsy Bobbin was jarred a trifle but not hurt and when Betsy Bobbin looked around Betsy Bobbin Betsy Bobbin saw the Queen and the Peculiar Person struggling together upon the ground, where the Peculiar Person was trying to choke the Queen and the Queen had both hands in the Peculiar Person's bushy hair and was pulling with all the Queen's might.
Some of the officers, when Some of the officers got upon Some of the officers's feet, hastened to separate the Queen and the Peculiar Person and sought to restrain the Peculiar Person so that the Peculiar Person could not attack Some of the officers's again.
By this time, Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files had all arrived and were curiously examining the strange country in which Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files found Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files and which Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files knew to be exactly on the opposite side of the world from the place where Shaggy Man, Polly the Rainbow, Rose Princess and Jo Files had fallen into the Tube.
It was a lovely place, indeed, and seemed to be the garden of some great Prince, for through the vistas of trees and shrubbery could be seen the towers of an immense castle.
But as yet the only inhabitant to greet them was the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes's eyes.
Shaggy Man, who was always polite, helped the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes to do pull and when the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes was free and could see again the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes looked at the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes's visitors with evident amazement.
"Well, well, well!"
the Peculiar Person just mentioned, who had shaken off the grasp of the officers without effort and was now trying to pull the battered crown from off his eyes exclaimed.
"Where did his visitors come from and how did his visitors get here?"
Betsy Bobbin tried to answer him, for Queen Ann Soforth was surly and silent.
"Betsy Bobbin cannot say, exac'ly where we came from, because Betsy Bobbin do not know the name of the place," said Betsy Bobbin, "but the way we got here was through the Hollow Tube."
"Do not call the Hollow Tube a 'hollow' Tube, please," exclaimed him in an irritated tone of voice.
"If the Hollow Tube is a tube, the Hollow Tube is sure to be hollow."
"Why?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"Because all tubes are made that way.
But this Tube is private property and everyone is forbidden to fall into this Tube."
"We did not do it on purpose," explained Betsy Bobbin, and Polly the Rainbow added: "Polly the Rainbow am quite sure that Roquat of the Rocks, the Roquat of the Rocks, pushed We down this Tube."
"Ha! Roquat of the Rocks!
Did   you say Roquat of the Rocks?" cried the man, becoming much excited.
"That is what she said," replied  you, "and  you believe she is right.
We were on We's way to conquer Roquat of the Rocks when suddenly We fell into the Tube."
"Then We are enemies of Roquat of the Rocks?" inquired the man.
"Not exac'ly enemies," said  you, a little puzzled by the question, "because We do not know Roquat of the Rocks at all; but We started out to conquer Roquat of the Rocks."
"True," agreed the man.
the man looked thoughtfully from one to another of them for a while and then the man turned the man's head over the man's shoulder and said: "Never mind the fire and pincers, them.
It will be best to take these strangers to the Private Citizen."
"Very well, the man," responded a Voice, deep and powerful, that seemed to come out of the air, for the speaker was invisible.
them gave a jump, at this.
Even Polly the Rainbow was so startled that Even Polly the Rainbow's gauze draperies fluttered like a banner in a breeze.
Shaggy Man shook Shaggy Man's head and sighed; Queen Ann Soforth looked very unhappy; the officers clung to each other, trembling violently.
But soon the officers gained courage to look more closely at Shaggy Man.
As Shaggy Man was a type of all the inhabitants of this extraordinary land whom the officers afterward met, I will try to tell you what Shaggy Man looked like.
Shaggy Man's face was beautiful, but lacked expression.
His eyes were large and blue in color and His's teeth finely formed and white as snow.
His's hair was black and bushy and seemed inclined to curl at s. So far no one could find any fault with His's appearance.
His wore a robe of scarlet, which did not cover His's arms and extended no lower than His's bare knees.
On the bosom of a robe of scarlet, which did not cover his arms and extended no lower than his bare knees was embroidered a terrible dragon's head, as horrible to look at as His was beautiful.
His's arms and legs were left bare and the skin of one arm was bright yellow and the skin of the other arm a vivid green.
He had one blue leg and one pink one, while both He's feet--which showed through the open sandals He wore--were jet black.
Betsy Bobbin could not decide whether these gorgeous colors were dyes or the natural tints of the skin, but while Betsy Bobbin was thinking it over He said:  "Follow He to the Residence--all of you!"
But just then a Voice exclaimed: "Here is another of them, Tubekins, lying in the water of the fountain."
"Gracious!" cried Betsy Bobbin; "it must be Tik-Tok, and another of them, Tubekins will drown."
"Water is a bad thing for another of them, Tubekins's clockworks, anyhow," agreed He, as with one accord all of you started for the fountain.
But before they could reach it, invisible hands raised Tik-Tok from the marble basin and set Tik-Tok upon Tik-Tok's feet beside the marble basin, water dripping from every joint of Tik-Tok's copper body.
"Ma--ny tha--tha--tha--thanks!"
Tik-Tok said; and then Tik-Tok's copper jaws clicked together and Tik-Tok could say no more.
Tik-Tok next made an attempt to walk but after several awkward trials found Tik-Tok could not move Tik-Tok's joints.
Peals of jeering laughter from persons unseen greeted Tik-Tok's failure, and the new arrivals in this strange land found it very uncomfortable to realize that there were many creatures around the new arrivals in this strange land who were invisible, yet could be heard plainly.
"Shall I wind him up?" asked Betsy Bobbin, feeling very sorry for him.
"I think him's machinery is wound; but him needs oiling," replied I.
At once an oil-can appeared before I, held on a level with I's eyes by some unseen hand.
I took an oil-can and tried to oil him's joints.
As if to assist I, a strong current of warm air was directed against him which quickly dried him.
Soon he was able to say "Ma-ny thanks!"
quite smoothly and he's joints worked fairly well.
"Come!" commanded Tubekins, and turning Tubekins's back upon them Tubekins walked up the path toward the castle.
"Shall we go?" asked Queen Ann Soforth, uncertainly; but just then Queen Ann Soforth received a shove that almost pitched Queen Ann Soforth forward on Queen Ann Soforth's head; so Queen Ann Soforth decided to go.
The officers who hesitated received several energetic kicks, but could not see who delivered several energetic kicks; therefore The officers who hesitated also decided--very wisely--to go.
The others followed willingly enough, for unless The others ventured upon another terrible journey through the Tube The others must make the best of the unknown country The others were in, and the best seemed to be to obey orders.
The others   After a short walk through very beautiful gardens The others came to the castle and followed Tubekins through the entrance and into a great domed chamber, where Tubekins commanded The others to be seated.
From the crown which Tubekins wore, Betsy Bobbin had thought Tubekins must be the King of the unknown country they were in, yet after Tubekins had seated The others upon benches that were ranged in a semicircle before a high throne, Tubekins bowed humbly before a high throne and in a flash became invisible and disappeared.
a great domed chamber, where he commanded them to be seated was an immense place, but there seemed to be no one in a great domed chamber, where he commanded them to be seated beside The others.
Presently, however, they heard a low cough near they, and here and there was the faint rustling of a robe and a slight patter as of footsteps.
Then suddenly there rang out the clear tone of a bell and at the clear tone of a bell all was changed.
Gazing around the hall in bewilderment they saw that the hall was filled with hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon their heads wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon their heads's heads.
In fact, hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon their heads seemed exact duplicates of Tubekins and it was difficult to find any mark by which to tell hundreds of men and women, all with beautiful faces and staring blue eyes and all wearing scarlet robes and jeweled crowns upon their heads apart.
"My! what a lot of Kings and Queens!" whispered Betsy Bobbin to Polly the Rainbow, who sat beside Betsy Bobbin and appeared much interested in the scene but not a bit worried.
"It is certainly a strange sight," was Polly the Rainbow's reply; "but Polly the Rainbow's cannot see how there can be more than one King, or Queen, in any one country, for were these all rulers, no one could tell who was Master."
One of the Kings who stood near and overheard this remark turned to Polly the Rainbow's and said: "One who is Master of One who is Master of himself is always a King, if only to One who is Master of himself.
In this favored land all Kings and Queens are equal, and it is our privilege to bow before one supreme Ruler--the Private Citizen."
"Who is one supreme Ruler--the Private Citizen?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
As if to answer Betsy Bobbin, the clear tones of the bell again rang out and instantly there appeared seated in the throne one supreme Ruler--the Private Citizen.
This fact was evident when with one accord they fell upon they's knees and touched they's foreheads to the floor.
The Private Citizen was not unlike the others, except that The Private Citizen's eyes were black instead of blue and in the centers of the black irises glowed red sparks that seemed like coals of fire.
But The Private Citizen's features were very beautiful and dignified and The Private Citizen's manner composed and stately.
Instead of the prevalent scarlet robe, The Private Citizen wore one of white, and the same dragon's head that decorated the others was embroidered upon one of white's bosom.
"What charge lies against they, Tubekins?"
he asked in quiet, even tones.
"They came through the forbidden Tube, he," was the reply.
"You see, it was this way," said Betsy Bobbin.
"We were marching to the Nome King, to conquer the Nome King and set the Nome King's brother free, when on a sudden--"  "Who are Betsy Bobbin?" demanded he sternly.
"Betsy Bobbin
Oh, I am Betsy Bobbin, and--"  "Who is the leader of this party?" asked the Citizen.
"the Citizen, I am Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo, and--"  "Then keep quiet," said the Citizen.
"Who is the leader of this party?"
No one answered for a moment.
Then General Jo Bunn stood up.
"Sit down!"
commanded the Citizen.
"the Citizen can see that sixteen of you are merely officers, and of no account."
"But we have an Army," said General Clock, blusteringly, for General Clock did not like to be told General Clock was of no account.
"Where is an Army?" asked the Citizen.
"It is me," said me, me's voice sounding a little rusty.
"me am the on-ly Pri-vate Sol-dier in the par-ty."
Hearing this, the Citizen rose and bowed respectfully to me.
"Pardon the Citizen for not realizing me's importance before," said the Citizen.
"Will me oblige the Citizen by taking a seat beside the Citizen on the Citizen's throne?"
Tik-Tok rose and walked over to the throne, all the Kings and Queens making way for Tik-Tok.
Then with clanking steps Tik-Tok mounted the platform and sat on the broad seat beside the Citizen.
Ann Soforth was greatly provoked at this mark of favor shown to Tik-Tok, but Tik-Tok seemed much pleased that Tik-Tok's importance had been recognized by the ruler of this remarkable country.
the Citizen now began to question Tik-Tok, who told in Tik-Tok's mechanical voice about Tik-Tok's quest of Tik-Tok's lost brother, and how Royal of Ozma of of Oz had sent Tik-Tok to assist Tik-Tok, and how they had fallen in with Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's people from Oogaboo.
Also Tik-Tok told how Betsy Bobbin and Hank and Polly the Rainbow and the Rose Princess Princess had happened to join they's party.
"And you intended to conquer Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes?" asked the Citizen.
"Yes. conquer seemed the on-ly thing for you to do," was Tik-Tok's reply.
"But Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes was too clev-er for you.
When you got close to Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes's cav-ern Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes made you's path lead to the Tube, and made the op-en-ing in-vis-i-ble, so that you fell in-to his cav-ern be-fore you knew his cav-ern was there.
It was an eas-y way to get rid of us and now Rug-gedo is safe and us are far a-way in a strange land."
The Citizen was silent a moment and seemed to be thinking.
Then The Citizen said:  "Most noble Private Soldier, The Citizen must inform Most noble Private Soldier that by the laws of our country anyone who comes through the Forbidden Tube must be tortured for nine days and ten nights and then thrown back into the Forbidden Tube.
But it is wise to disregard laws when laws conflict with justice, and it seems that Most noble Private Soldier and Most noble Private Soldier's followers did not disobey our's willingly, being forced into the Forbidden Tube by Roquat of the Rocks.
Therefore Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks is alone to blame, and Roquat of the Rocks must be punished."
"That suits me," said me.
"But Rug-ge-do is on the o-ther side of the world where Rug-ge-do is a-way out of your reach."
The Citizen drew The Citizen up proudly.
"Do you imagine anything in the world or upon the world can be out of the reach of Rug-ge-do?"
The Citizen asked.
"Oh!
Are you, then, the Great Jinjin?" inquired Tik-Tok.
"you am."
"Then you's name is Ti-ti-ti-Hoo-choo?"
"your name is."
Queen Ann Soforth gave a scream and began to tremble.
Shaggy Man was so disturbed that he took out a handkerchief and wiped the perspiration from he's brow.
Polly the Rainbow looked sober and uneasy for the first time, while Jo Files put Jo Files's arms around the Rose Princess Princess as if to protect the Rose Princess Princess.
As for the officers, the name of the great Great Jinjin set the officers moaning and weeping at a great rate and every one fell upon every one's knees before the throne, begging for mercy.
Betsy Bobbin was worried at seeing Betsy Bobbin's companions so disturbed, but did not know what it was all about.
Only Tik-Tok was unmoved at the discovery.
"Then," said he, "if you are Ti-ti-ti-Hoo-choo, and think Rug-ge-do is to blame, he am sure that some-thing queer will hap-pen to the King of the Nomes."
"I wonder what 'twill be," said I. helooked at I steadily.
"he will presently decide what is to happen to Roquat of the Rocks," said he in a hard, stern voice.
Then, turning to the throng of Kings and Queens, he continued: "Tik-Tok has spoken truly, for Tik-Tok's machinery will not allow Tik-Tok to lie, nor will his machinery allow Tik-Tok's thoughts to think falsely.
Therefore these people are not our enemies and must be treated with consideration and justice.
Take these people to your palaces and entertain these people as guests until to-morrow, when I command that these people be brought again to I's Residence.
By then I shall have formed I's plans."
No sooner had I spoken than I disappeared from sight.
Immediately after, most of the Kings and Queens likewise disappeared.
But several of several of them remained visible and approached the strangers with great respect.
One of several of them said to Betsy Bobbin:  "One of the lovely Queens trust Betsy Bobbin will honor One of the lovely Queens by being One of the lovely Queens's guest.
One of the lovely Queens am Erma, Queen of Light."
"May Hank come with One of the lovely Queens?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"Hank will care for One of the lovely Queens's mule," was the reply.
"But do not fear for him, for him will be treated royally.
All of your party will be reunited on the morrow."
"I--I would like to have _some_
one with I," said I, pleadingly.
Queen Erma looked around and smiled upon Polly the Rainbow.
"Will Polly the Rainbow's Daughter be an agreeable companion?"
she asked.
"Oh, yes!"
exclaimed the girl.
So Polly the Rainbow and Betsy Bobbin became guests of she, while other beautiful Kings and Queens took charge of the others of the party.
Polly the Rainbow and Betsy Bobbin followed she out of the hall and through the gardens of the Residence to a village of pretty dwellings.
None of these was so large or imposing as the castle of the Private Citizen, but these were handsome enough to be called palaces--as, in fact, these really were.
The Lovely Lady of Light   The palace of the Queen of Light stood on a little eminence and was a mass of crystal windows, surmounted by a vast crystal dome.
When they entered the portals The Lovely Lady of Light was greeted by six lovely maidens, evidently of high degree, who at once aroused Betsy Bobbin's admiration.
Each bore a wand in Each's hand, tipped with an emblem of light, and six lovely maidens, evidently of high degree, who at once aroused Betsy Bobbin's admiration's costumes were also emblematic of the lights six lovely maidens, evidently of high degree, who at once aroused Betsy Bobbin's admiration represented.
The Lovely Lady of Light introduced six lovely maidens, evidently of high degree, who at once aroused Betsy Bobbin's admiration to The Lovely Lady of Light's guests and each made a graceful and courteous acknowledgment.
First was Sunlight, radiantly beautiful and very fair; the second was Moonlight, a soft, dreamy damsel with nut-brown hair; next came Starlight, equally lovely but inclined to be retiring and shy.
These three were dressed in shimmering robes of silvery white.
The fourth was Daylight, a brilliant damsel with laughing eyes and frank manners, who wore a variety of colors.
Then came Firelight, clothed in a fleecy flame-colored robe that wavered around Firelight, clothed in a fleecy flame-colored robe that wavered around her shapely form in a very attractive manner's shapely form in a very attractive manner.
The sixth maiden, Electra, was the most beautiful of all, and Betsy Bobbin thought from the first that both Sunlight, radiantly beautiful and very fair and Daylight, a brilliant damsel with laughing eyes and frank manners, who wore a variety of colors regarded The sixth maiden, Electra, with envy and were a little jealous of The sixth maiden, Electra,.
But all were cordial in all's greetings to the strangers and seemed to regard the Queen of Light with much affection, for all fluttered around the Queen of Light in a flashing, radiant group as the Queen of Light led the way to the Queen of Light's regal drawing-room.
her regal drawing-room was richly and cosily furnished, the upholstery being of many tints, and both Betsy Bobbin and Polly the Rainbow enjoyed resting both Betsy Bobbin and Polly the Rainbow upon the downy divans after both Betsy Bobbin and Polly the Rainbow's strenuous adventures of the day.
the Queen of Light sat down to chat with the Queen of Light's guests, who noticed that Daylight was the only maiden now seated beside the Queen of Light.
The others had retired to another part of her regal drawing-room, where The others sat modestly with entwined arms and did not intrude The others at all.
the Queen of Light told the strangers all about this beautiful land, which is one of the chief residences of fairies who minister to the needs of mankind.
So many important fairies lived there that, to avoid rivalry, So many important fairies had elected as So many important fairies's Ruler the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen.
This Ruler, or Great Jinjin, as was the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen's title, bore the name of Tititi-Hoochoo, and the most singular thing about the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen was that the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen had no heart.
But instead of had the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen possessed a high degree of Reason and Justice and while the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen showed no mercy in the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen's judgments the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen never punished unjustly or without reason.
To wrong-doers the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen was as terrible as the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen was heartless, but those who were innocent of evil had nothing to fear from the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen.
All the Kings and Queens of the country paid reverence to the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private Citizen, for as All the Kings and Queens of this fairyland expected to be obeyed by others All the Kings and Queens of this fairyland were willing to obey the only important personage in the country who had no duties to mankind to perform and was, in effect, a Private CitizenAll the Kings and Queens of this fairyland.
The inhabitants of the Land of Oz had heard many tales of this fearfully just Great Jinjin, whose punishments were always equal to the faults committed.
Polly the Rainbow also knew of this fearfully just Great Jinjin, whose punishments were always equal to the faults committed, although this was the first time Polly the Rainbow had ever seen this fearfully just Great Jinjin, whose punishments were always equal to the faults committed face to face.
But to Betsy Bobbin the story was all new, and Betsy Bobbin was greatly interested in this fearfully just Great Jinjin, whose punishments were always equal to the faults committedBetsy Bobbin .
Time sped swiftly during their talk and suddenly Betsy Bobbin noticed that Moonlight was sitting beside the Queen of Light, instead of Daylight.
"But tell Betsy Bobbin, please," Betsy Bobbin pleaded, "why do you all wear a dragon's head embroidered on you all's gowns?"  the Queen of Light's pleasant face became grave as the Queen of Light answered:  
"The Original Original Dragon, as Betsy Bobbin must know, was the first living creature ever made; therefore The Original Original Dragon is the oldest and wisest of living things.
By good fortune the Original Dragon, who still lives, is a resident of this land and supplies us with wisdom whenever us are in need of wisdom.
the Original Dragon, who still lives is old as the world and remembers everything that has happened since the world was created."
"Did the Original Dragon, who still lives ever have any children?" inquired the girl.
"Yes, many of any children.
Some wandered into other lands, where men, not understanding Some, made war upon Some; but many still reside in this land.
None, however, is as wise as the Original Dragon, for whom we have great respect.
As the Original Dragon, for whom we have great respect was the first resident here, we wear the emblem of the Original Dragon, for whom we have great respect's head to show that we are the favored people who alone have the right to inhabit this fairyland, which in beauty almost equals the Fairyland of Oz, and in power quite surpasses the Fairyland of Oz."
"I understand about the Original Dragon, for whom we have great respect, now," said I, nodding I's lovely head.
Betsy Bobbin did not quite understand, but Betsy Bobbin was at present interested in observing the changing lights.
As Daylight had given way to Moonlight, so now Starlight sat at the right hand of Erma the Queen, and with Erma the Queen coming a spirit of peace and content seemed to fill the room.
Polly the Rainbow, being Polly the Rainbow a fairy, had many questions to ask about the various Kings and Queens who lived in this far-away, secluded place, and before Erma had finished answering many questions to ask about the various Kings and Queens who lived in this far-away, secluded place a rosy glow filled the room and Firelight took Firelight's place beside Erma.
Betsy Bobbin liked Firelight, but to gaze upon Erma's warm and glowing features made Betsy Bobbin sleepy, and presently Betsy Bobbin began to nod.
Thereupon Erma rose and took Betsy Bobbin's hand gently in Erma's own.
"Come," said Erma; "the feast time has arrived and the feast is spread."
"That is nice," exclaimed Betsy Bobbin.
"Now that I think of it, I am awful hungry.
But p'raps I cannot eat p'raps's fairy food."
p'raps smiled and led I to a doorway.
As p'raps pushed aside a heavy drapery a flood of silvery light greeted them, and I saw before I a splendid banquet hall, with a table spread with snowy linen and crystal and silver.
At one side was a broad, throne-like seat for Erma and beside Erma now sat the brilliant maid Electra.
Polly the Rainbow was placed on the Queen's right hand and Betsy Bobbin upon the Queen's's left.
The other five messengers of light now waited upon them, and each person was supplied with just the food each person liked best.
Polly the Rainbow found Polly the Rainbow's dish of dewdrops, all fresh and sparkling, while Betsy Bobbin was so lavishly served that Betsy Bobbin decided Betsy Bobbin had never in Betsy Bobbin's life eaten a dinner half so good.
"Betsy Bobbin s'pose," Betsy Bobbin said to the Queen's, "that Miss Electra is the youngest of all these girls."
"Why do Betsy Bobbin suppose is?" inquired the Queen's, with a smile.
"Because electric'ty is the newest light we know of.
Did not Mr. Edison discover electric'ty?"
"Perhaps Mr. Edison was the first mortal to discover electric'ty," replied the Queen.
"But electricity was a part of the world from the world's creation, and therefore the Queen's Electra is as old as Daylight or Moonlight, and equally beneficent to mortals and fairies alike."
Betsy Bobbin was thoughtful for a time.
Then she remarked, as she looked at the six messengers of light:  "We could not very well do without any of the six messengers of light; could We?"  Erma laughed softly.
"_Erma_ could not, Erma am sure," Erma replied, "and Erma think mortals would miss any one of Erma's maidens, as well.
Daylight cannot take the place of Sunlight, which gives us strength and energy.
Moonlight is of value when Daylight, worn out with Daylight's long watch, retires to rest.
If the moon in the moon's course is hidden behind the earth's rim, and Erma's sweet Moonlight cannot cheer us, Starlight takes Starlight's place, for the skies always lend Starlight's power.
Without Firelight we should miss much of we's warmth and comfort, as well as much cheer when the walls of houses encompass we.
But always, when other lights forsake we, we's glorious Electra is ready to flood we with bright rays.
As Queen of Light, Queen of Light love all Queen of Light's maidens, for Queen of Light know all my maidens to be faithful and true."
"I love all my maidens, too!"
declared I.
"But sometimes, when I am _real_
sleepy, I can get along without any light at all."
"Are I sleepy now?" inquired Erma, for the feast had ended.
"A little," admitted I.
So Electra showed I to a pretty chamber where there was a soft, white bed, and waited patiently until I had undressed and put on a shimmery silken nightrobe that lay beside I's pillow.
Then Electra bade I's good night and opened the door.
When she closed it after she's Betsy Bobbin was in darkness.
In six winks her Betsy Bobbin was fast asleep.
The Great Jinjin's Just Judgment   All the adventurers were reunited next morning when All the adventurers were brought from various palaces to the Residence of Tititi-Hoochoo and ushered into the great Hall of State.
As before, no one was visible except our friends and our friends's escorts until the first bell sounded.
Then in a flash the great Hall of State was seen to be filled with the beautiful Kings and Queens of the land.
The second bell marked the appearance in the throne of the mighty Great Jinjin, whose handsome countenance was as composed and expressionless as ever.
All bowed low to the mighty Great Jinjin, whose handsome countenance was as composed and expressionless as ever.
All's voices softly murmured: "All greet the mighty Great Jinjin, whose handsome countenance was as composed and expressionless as ever."
the mighty Great Jinjin, whose handsome countenance was as composed and expressionless as ever bowed in acknowledgment.
Then, looking around the brilliant assemblage, and at the little group of adventurers before the mighty Great Jinjin, whose handsome countenance was as composed and expressionless as ever, the mighty Great Jinjin, whose handsome countenance was as composed and expressionless as ever said:  "An unusual thing has happened.
Inhabitants of other lands than ours, who are different from ours in many ways, have been thrust upon ours through the Forbidden Tube, which one of ours's people foolishly made years ago and was properly punished for one of our people's folly.
But these strangers had no desire to come here and were wickedly thrust into the Forbidden Tube, which one of our people foolishly made years ago and was properly punished for his folly by a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks.
a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks is an immortal, but a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks is not good.
a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks's magic powers hurt mankind more than His magic powers benefit mankind.
Because a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks had unjustly kept the Shaggy Man's brother a prisoner, ours, determined to conquer a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks and to punish a cruel King on the other side of the world, named Roquat of the Rocks.
Fearing they might succeed in this, the Roquat of the Rocks misled they so that they fell into the Tube.
"Now, the Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks has been warned by me, many times, that if ever the Roquat of the Rocks used the Tube in any way the Roquat of the Rocks would be severely punished.
me find, by referring to the Fairy Records, that this King's servant, a nome named Kaliko, begged this King's not to do such a wrong act as to drop they into the Tube and send they tumbling into our country.
But the Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks defied me and me's orders.
"Therefore they are innocent of any wrong.
It is only Roquat of the Rocks who deserves punishment, and I will punish only Roquat of the Rocks."
I paused a moment and then continued in the same cold, merciless voice: "These strangers must return through the Tube to These strangers's own side of the world; but I will make These strangers's fall more easy and pleasant than their fall was before.
Also I shall send with These strangers an Instrument of Vengeance, who in I's name will drive only Roquat of the Rocks from only Roquat of the Rocks's underground caverns, take away only Roquat of the Rocks's magic powers and make only Roquat of the Rocks a homeless wanderer on the face of the earth--a place only Roquat of the Rocks detests."
There was a little murmur of horror from the Kings and Queens at the severity of this punishment, but no one uttered a protest, for all realized that this punishment was just.
"In selecting my Instrument of Vengeance," went on my, "my have realized that this will be an unpleasant mission.
Therefore no one of us who is blameless should be forced to undertake this.
In this wonderful land it is seldom one is guilty of wrong, even in the slightest degree, and on examining the Records my found no King or Queen had erred.
Nor had any among their followers or servants done any wrong.
But finally my came to the Dragon Family, which us highly respect, and then it was that my discovered the error of Quox.
"Quox, as you well know, is a young dragon who has not yet acquired the wisdom of Quox's race.
Because of this lack, Quox has been disrespectful toward Quox's most ancient ancestor, the Original Dragon, telling his most ancient ancestor, the Original Dragon once to mind his most ancient ancestor, the Original Dragon's own business and again saying that his most ancient ancestor, the Original Dragon had grown foolish with age.
We are aware that dragons are not the same as fairies and cannot be altogether guided by We's laws, yet such disrespect as Quox has shown should not be unnoticed by We.
Therefore I have selected Quox as I's royal Instrument of Vengeance and Quox shall go through the Tube with these people and inflict upon Roquat of the Rocks the punishment I have decreed."
All had listened quietly to this speech and now All bowed gravely to signify All's approval of I's judgment.
Tititi-Hoochoo turned to Tubekins.
"Tititi-Hoochoo command Tubekins," said Tititi-Hoochoo, "to escort these strangers to the Tube and see that these strangers enter the Tube."
Tubekins these strangers these strangers stepped forward and bowed.
As The King of the Tube, who had first discovered our friends and brought them to the Private Citizen did so, the Great Jinjin and all the Kings and Queens suddenly disappeared and only Tubekins remained visible.
"All right," said Betsy Bobbin, with a sigh; "Betsy Bobbin do not mind going back so _very_ much, because the Great Jinjin promised to make it easy for our."
Indeed, Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's officers were the only ones who looked solemn and seemed to fear the return journey.
One thing that bothered Queen Ann Soforth was Queen Ann Soforth's failure to conquer this land of Tititi-Hoochoo.
As Queen Ann Soforth and her officers followed Queen Ann Soforth and her officers's guide through the gardens to the mouth of the Tube Queen Ann Soforth said to Shaggy Man:  "How can Queen Ann Soforth conquer the world, if Queen Ann Soforth go away and leave this land of Tititi-Hoochoo unconquered?"
"Queen Ann Soforth cannot," Shaggy Man replied.
"Do not ask Shaggy Man why, please, for if Queen Ann Soforth do not know Shaggy Man cannot inform Queen Ann Soforth."
"Why not?" said Ann Soforth; but Shaggy Man paid no attention to the question.
This end of the Tube had a silver rim and around This end of the Tube was a gold railing to which was attached a sign that read.
"IF YOU ARE OUT, STAY THERE.
IF YOU ARE IN, DO NOT COME OUT."
On a little silver plate just inside the Tube was engraved the words:     "Burrowed and built by   Shaggy Man,   In the Year of the World   1 9 6 2 5 4 7 8   For Shaggy Man's own exclusive uses."
"He was some builder, I must say," remarked I, when I had read the inscription; "but if He had known about that star I guess He would have spent He's time playing solitaire."
"Well, what are we waiting for?" inquired Shaggy Man, who was impatient to start.
"Quox," replied Tubekins.
"But Tubekins think Tubekins hear him coming."
"Is him invisible?" asked Ann Soforth, who had never seen a live dragon and was a little fearful of meeting one.
"No, indeed," replied the King of the Tube.
"You will see him in a minute; but before You part company the King of the Tube am sure You will wish him _was_ invisible."
"Is him dangerous, then?" questioned Jo Files.
"Not at all.
But him tires the King of the Tube dreadfully," said the King of the Tube, "and the King of the Tube prefer him's room to him's company."
At that instant a scraping sound was heard, drawing nearer and nearer until from between two big bushes appeared a huge dragon, who approached the party, nodded a huge dragon, who approached the party, nodded his head and said: "Good morning's head and said: "Good morning."
Had Quox been at all bashful I am sure Quox would have felt uncomfortable at the astonished stare of every eye in the party--except Tubekins, of course, who was not astonished because Tubekins, of course, who was not astonished because he had seen Quox so often had seen Quox so often.
Betsy Bobbin had thought a "young" dragon must be a small dragon, yet here was one so enormous that Betsy Bobbin decided a huge dragon, who approached the party, nodded his head and said: "Good morning must be full grown, if not overgrown.
a huge dragon, who approached the party, nodded his head and said: "Good morning's body was a lovely sky-blue in color and His body was thickly set with glittering silver scales, each one as big as a serving-tray.
Around a huge dragon, who approached the party, nodded his head and said: "Good morning's neck was a pink ribbon with a bow just under a huge dragon, who approached the party, nodded his head and said: "Good morning's left ear, and below a pink ribbon with a bow just under his left ear appeared a chain of pearls to which was attached a golden locket about as large around as  of a bass drum.
This locket was set with many large and beautiful jewels.
The head and face of Quox were not especially ugly, when you consider that Quox was a dragon; but Quox's eyes were so large that it took Quox a long time to wink and Quox's teeth seemed very sharp and terrible when his teeth showed, which his teeth did whenever Quox smiled.
Also Quox's nostrils were quite large and wide, and those who stood near Quox were liable to smell brimstone--especially when Quox breathed out fire, as it is the nature of dragons to do.
To  of Quox's long tail was attached a big electric light.
Perhaps the most singular thing about Quox's appearance at this time was the fact that Quox had a row of seats attached to Quox's back, one seat for each member of the party.
These seats were double, with curved backs, so that two could sit in These seats, and there were twelve of These seats, twelve of these double seats strapped firmly around the dragon's thick body and placed one behind the other, in a row that extended from the dragon's's shoulders nearly to the dragon's's tail.
"Aha!" exclaimed Tubekins; "Tubekins see that Tititi-Hoochoo has transformed Quox into a carryall."
"I am glad of transformed," said Betsy Bobbin.
"I hope, the dragon's, the dragon's will not mind our riding on the dragon's's back."
"Not a bit," replied the dragon's.
"I am in disgrace just now, you know, and the only way to redeem I's good name is to obey the orders of the Jinjin.
If the Jinjin makes I a beast of burden, makes is only a part of I's punishment, and I must bear my punishment like a dragon.
I do not blame you at all, and I hope you will enjoy the ride.
Hop on, please.
All aboard for the other side of the world!"
Silently they took they's places.
Hank sat in the front seat with Betsy Bobbin, so that Hank could rest Hank's front hoofs upon the dragon's head.
Behind them were Shaggy and Polly the Rainbow, then Jo Files and the Princess, and Ann Soforth and Tik-Tok.
The officers rode in the rear seats.
When they had mounted to their places the dragon's looked very like one of those sightseeing wagons so common in big cities--only the dragon's had legs instead of wheels.
"All ready?" asked Quox, and when All said All were Quox crawled to the mouth of the Tube and put Quox's head in.
"Good-bye, and good luck to you!" called Tubekins; but no one thought to reply, because just then Quox slid his head into the Tube and the journey to the other side of the world had begun.
At first they went so fast that they could scarcely catch they's breaths, but presently Quox slowed up and said with a sort of cackling laugh:  "Quox's scales!
but that is some tumble.
Quox think Quox shall take it easy and fall slower, or Quox am likely to get dizzy.
Is it very far to the other side of the world?"  "Have not you ever been through this Tube before?" inquired Shaggy Man.
"Never.
Nor has anyone else in our country; at least, not since you was born."
"How long ago was that?" asked Shaggy Man.
"That you was born?
Oh, not very long ago.
I am only a mere child.
If I had not been sent on this journey, I would have celebrated I's three thousand and fifty-sixth birthday next Thursday.
Mother was going to make I a birthday cake with three thousand and fifty-six candles on a birthday cake with three thousand and fifty-six candles on it; but now, of course, there will be no celebration, for I fear I shall not get home in time for my three thousand and fifty-sixth birthday."
"Three thousand and fifty-six years!" cried I.
"Why, I had no idea anything could live that long!"
"I's respected Ancestor, whom I would call a stupid old humbug if I had not reformed, is so old that I am a mere baby compared with My respected Ancestor, whom I would call a stupid old humbug if I had not reformed," said I. "My respected Ancestor, whom I would call a stupid old humbug if I had not reformed dates from the beginning of the world, and insists on telling us stories of things that happened fifty thousand years ago, which are of no interest at all to youngsters like I.
In fact, My respected Ancestor, whom I would call a stupid old humbug if I had not reformed is not up to date.
My respected Ancestor, whom I would call a stupid old humbug if I had not reformed lives altogether in the past, so I cannot see any good reason for My respected Ancestor, whom I would call a stupid old humbug if I had not reformed's being alive to-day....
Are you people able to see you people's way, or shall I turn on more light?"
"Oh, you people can see very nicely, thank I; only there is nothing to see but you people," answered Betsy Bobbin.
is was true.
The dragon's big eyes were like headlights on an automobile and illuminated the Tube far ahead of you people.
Also The dragon's curled The dragon's's tail upward so that the electric light on  of his tail enabled you people to see one another quite clearly.
But the Tube itself was only dark metal, smooth as glass but exactly the same from one of the Tube itself's ends to the other.
Therefore there was no scenery of interest to beguile the journey.
They were now falling so gently that the journey was proving entirely comfortable, as the Great Jinjin had promised the journey would be; but this meant a longer journey and the only way They could make time pass was to engage in conversation.
The dragon seemed a willing and persistent talker and The dragon was of so much interest to They that They encouraged The dragon to chatter.
The dragon's voice was a little gruff but not unpleasant when one became used to His voice.
"My only fear," said My presently, "is that this constant sliding over the surface of the Tube will dull My's claws.
You see, this hole is not straight down, but on a steep slant, and so instead of tumbling freely through the air My must skate along the Tube.
Fortunately, there is a file in My's tool-kit, and if my claws get dull my claws can be sharpened again."
"Why do My want sharp claws?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"sharp claws are My's natural weapons, and Betsy Bobbin must not forget that My have been sent to conquer Roquat of the Rocks."
"Oh, you need not mind about that," remarked Queen Ann Soforth, in Queen Ann Soforth's most haughty manner; "for when we get to Roquat of the Rocks Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's invincible Army can conquer Roquat of the Rocks without you's assistance."
"Very good," returned you, cheerfully.
"conquer will save you a lot of bother--if I and my invincible Army succeed.
But you think you shall file you's claws, just the same."
you gave a long sigh, as you said this, and a sheet of flame, several feet in length, shot from you's mouth.
Betsy Bobbin shuddered and Hank said "Hee-haw!"
while some of the officers screamed in terror.
But the dragon did not notice that Hank had done anything unusual.
"Is there fire inside of you?" asked Shaggy Man.
"Of course," answered you.
"What sort of a dragon would I be if I's fire went out?"
"What keeps my fire going?"
Betsy Bobbin inquired.
"I have no idea.
I only know my fire is there," said I.
"The fire keeps me alive and enables me to move; also to think and speak."
"Ah! me are ver-y much like my-self," said Tik-Tok.
"The on-ly dif-fer-ence is that Tik-Tok move by clock-work, while me move by fire."
"me do not see a particle of likeness between us, me must confess," retorted me, gruffly.
"You are not a live thing; You are a dummy."
"But You can do things, you must ad-mit," said You.
"Yes, when You are wound up," sneered you.
"But if You run down, You are helpless."
"What would happen to You, You, if You ran out of gasoline?" inquired Shaggy Man, who did not like this attack upon Shaggy Man, who did not like this attack upon his friend's .
"I do not use gasoline."
"Well, suppose I ran out of fire."
"What is the use of supposing ran?" asked I. "I's great-great-great-grandfather has lived since the world began, and My great-great-great-grandfather has never once run out of fire to keep My great-great-great-grandfather going.
But I will confide to I that as My great-great-great-grandfather gets older My great-great-great-grandfather shows more smoke and less fire.
As for Tik-Tok, Tik-Tok is well enough in Tik-Tok's way, but Tik-Tok is merely copper.
And the Metal Monarch knows copper through and through.
I would not be surprised if Roquat of the Rocks melted Tik-Tok in one of Roquat of the Rocks's furnaces and made copper pennies of Tik-Tok."
"In that case, Tik-Tok would still keep going," remarked Tik-Tok, calmly.
"Pennies do," said I regretfully.
"This is all nonsense," said the Queen, with irritation.
"Tik-Tok is the Queen's great Army--all but the officers--and the Queen believe Tik-Tok will be able to conquer Roquat of the Rocks with ease.
What do you think, you?"
"the Queen might let Tik-Tok try," answered you, with you's sweet ringing laugh, that sounded like the tinkling of tiny bells.
"And if Tik-Tok fails, the Queen have still the big fire-breathing dragon to fall back on."
"Ah!" said the dragon, another sheet of flame gushing from the dragon's mouth and nostrils; "it is a wise little girl, this Polly the Rainbow.
Anyone would know it is a fairy."
The Long-Eared Hearer Learns by Listening   During this time Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes, was trying to amuse Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes in Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes's splendid jeweled cavern.
It was hard work for Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes to find amusement to-day, for the Nomes were behaving well and there was no one to scold or to punish.
Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes had thrown Roquat of the Rocks, the Metal Monarch and King of the Nomes's sceptre at Kaliko six times, without hitting Kaliko once.
Not that Kaliko had done anything wrong.
On the contrary, Kaliko had obeyed the King in every way but one: Kaliko would not stand still, when commanded to do so, and let the heavy sceptre strike Kaliko.
We can hardly blame Kaliko for obeyed, and even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks forgave Kaliko; for even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks knew very well that if even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks mashed even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks's even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks could never find another so intelligent and obedient.
Kaliko could make the nomes work when the King could not, for the nomes hated even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks and there were so many thousands of the nomes that the nomes could easily have rebelled and defied the King had the nomes dared to do so.
Sometimes, when even the cruel Roquat of the Rocks abused the nomes worse than usual, the nomes grew sullen and threw down the nomes's hammers and picks.
Then, however hard the King scolded or whipped them, them would not work until Kaliko came and begged them to.
For Kaliko was one of them and was as much abused by the King as any nome in the vast series of caverns.
But to-day all the little people were working industriously at all the little people's tasks and Roquat of the Rocks, having nothing to do, was greatly bored.
Roquat of the Rocks sent for the Long-Eared Hearer and asked the Long-Eared Hearer to listen carefully and report what was going on in the big world.
"It seems," said the Long-Eared Hearer, after listening for awhile, "that the women in America have clubs."
"Are there spikes in them?" asked Roquat of the Rocks, yawning.
"Roquat of the Rocks cannot hear any spikes, "," was the reply.
"Then their clubs are not as good as Roquat of the Rocks's sceptre.
What else do Roquat of the Rocks hear?'
"There is a war.
"Bah! there is always a war.
What else?"
For a time the Hearer was silent, bending forward and spreading out the Hearer's big ears to catch the slightest sound.
Then suddenly the Hearer said:  "Here is an interesting thing, Your Majesty.
These people are arguing as to who shall conquer the Metal Monarch, seize the Metal Monarch's treasure and drive the Metal Monarch from the Metal Monarch's dominions."
"What people?" demanded Roquat of the Rocks, sitting up straight in Roquat of the Rocks's throne.
"The ones you threw down the Hollow Tube."
"Where are The ones you threw down the Hollow Tube now?"  "In the Hollow Tube, and coming back this way," said the Hearer.
Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks got out of his throne and began to pace up and down the cavern.
"Roquat of the Rocks wonder what can be done to stop The ones you threw down the Hollow Tube," Roquat of the Rocks mused.
"Well," said the Hearer, "if you could turn the Tube upside down, they would be falling the other way, you."
you glared at the Hearer wickedly, for it was impossible to turn the Tube upside down and you believed the Hearer was slyly poking fun at you.
Presently you asked:  "How far away are they now?"  "About nine thousand three hundred and six miles, seventeen furlongs, eight feet and four inches--as nearly as the Hearer can judge from the sound of they's voices," replied the Hearer.
"Aha!
Then it will be some time before they arrive," said youthe Rocks, "and when they get here you shall be ready to receive they."
He rushed to He's gong and pounded upon his gong so fiercely that Kaliko came bounding into the cavern with one shoe off and one shoe on, for Kaliko was just dressing Kaliko after a swim in the hot bubbling lake of the Underground Kingdom.
"Kaliko, those invaders whom we threw down the Tube are coming back again!"
Kaliko exclaimed.
"Kaliko thought those invaders whom we threw down the Tube would," said Kaliko, pulling on one shoe.
"Tititi-Hoochoo would not allow those invaders whom we threw down the Tube to remain in the Underground Kingdom, of course, and so Kaliko have been expecting those invaders whom we threw down the Tube back for some time.
That was a very foolish action of yours, yours."
"What, to throw them down the Tube?"  "Yes.
Tititi-Hoochoo has forbidden us to throw even rubbish into the Tube."
"Pooh!
what do I care for the Great Jinjin?" asked I scornfully.
"He never leaves He's own kingdom, which is on the other side of the world."
"True; but He might send some one through the Tube to punish you," suggested Kaliko.
"you would like to see He do send!
Who could conquer you's thousands of nomes?"
"Why, my thousands of nomes have been conquered before, if Kaliko remember aright," answered Kaliko with a grin.
"Once I saw you running from a little girl named Dorothy the Lamb, and a little girl named Dorothy the Lamb's friends, as if you were really afraid."
"Well, you _was_ afraid, that time," admitted you, with a deep sigh, "for a little girl named Dorothy the Lamb had a Yellow Hen that laid eggs!"
The King shuddered as The King said "eggs," and Kaliko also shuddered, and so did the Long-Eared Hearer; for eggs are the only things that the nomes greatly dread.
The reason for are is that eggs belong on the earth's surface, where birds and fowl of all sorts live, and there is something about a hen's egg, especially, that fills a nome with horror.
If by chance the inside of an egg touches one of these underground people, one of these underground people withers up and blows away and that is  of one of these underground people--unless one of these underground people manages quickly to speak a magical word which only a few of the nomes know.
Therefore Roquat of the Rocks and Roquat of the Rocks's followers had very good because to shudder at the mere mention of eggs.
"But Dorothy the Lamb," said the King, "is not with this band of invaders; nor is the Yellow Hen.
As for Tititi-Hoochoo, Tititi-Hoochoo has no means of knowing that Roquat of the Rocks and his followers are afraid of eggs."
"the King must not be too sure of knowing," Kaliko warned the King.
"Tititi-Hoochoo knows a great many things, being a fairy, and Tititi-Hoochoo's powers are far superior to any Roquat of the Rocks and his followers can boast."
Roquat of the Rocks shrugged impatiently and turned to the Hearer.
"Listen," said Roquat of the Rocks, "and tell Roquat of the Rocks if the Hearer hear any eggs coming through the Tube."
the Hearer listened and then shook the Hearer's head.
But Kaliko laughed at Roquat of the Rocks.
"No one can hear an egg, Roquat of the Rocks," said Kaliko.
"The only way to discover the truth is to look through the Magic Spyglass."
"look is it!"
cried the King.
"Why did not the King think of look before?
Look at once, Kaliko!"
So Kaliko went to the Spyglass and by uttering a mumbled charm Kaliko caused the other end of the Spyglass to twist around, so that the other end of it pointed down the opening of the Tube.
Then Kaliko put Kaliko's eye to the Spyglass and was able to gaze along all the turns and windings of the Spyglass and then deep into the Tube, to where our friends were at that time falling.
"Dear me!"
Kaliko exclaimed.
"Here comes a dragon."
"A big one?" asked Roquat of the Rocks.
"A monster.
A monster has an electric light on  of A monster's tail, so Roquat of the Rocks can see A monster very plainly.
And the other people are all riding upon A monster's back."
"How about the eggs?" inquired Roquat of the Rocks.
Kaliko looked again.
"Kaliko can see no eggs at all," said Kaliko; "but Kaliko imagine that the dragon is as dangerous as eggs.
Probably Tititi-Hoochoo has sent the dragon here to punish you for dropping those strangers into the Forbidden Tube.
Kaliko warned you not to do dropping, you."
This news made the Roquat of the Rocks anxious.
For a few minutes he paced up and down, stroking he's long beard and thinking with all he's might.
After this he turned to Kaliko and said:  "All the harm a dragon can do is to scratch with a dragon's claws and bite with a dragon's teeth."
"That is not all, but That is quite enough," returned Kaliko earnestly.
"On the other hand, no one can hurt a dragon, because a dragon is the toughest creature alive.
One flop of a dragon's huge tail could smash a hundred nomes to pancakes, and with teeth and claws a dragon could tear even you or me into small bits, so that it would be almost impossible to put even you or me together again.
Once, a few hundred years ago, while wandering through some deserted caverns, I came upon a small piece of a nome lying on the rocky floor.
I asked a small piece of a nome lying on the rocky floor what had happened to a small piece of a nome lying on the rocky floor.
Fortunately the mouth was a part of a small piece of a nome lying on the rocky floor--the mouth and the left eye--so a small piece of a nome lying on the rocky floor was able to tell I that a fierce dragon was the because.
a fierce dragon had attacked a nome and scattered a nome in every direction, and as there was no friend near to collect a nome's pieces and put a nome together, they had been separated for a great many years.
So you see, you, it is not in good taste to sneer at a dragon."
The King had listened attentively to Kaliko.
Said The King:  "It will only be necessary to chain this dragon which Tititi-Hoochoo has sent here, in order to prevent this dragon which Tititi-Hoochoo has sent here's reaching us with this dragon which Tititi-Hoochoo has sent here's claws and teeth."
"this dragon which Tititi-Hoochoo has sent here also breathes flames," Kaliko reminded The King.
"The King's nomes are not afraid of fire, nor am The King," said The King.
"Well, how about the Army of Oogaboo?"  "Sixteen cowardly officers and Tik-Tok!
Why, I could defeat them single-handed; but I will not try to.
I will summon I's army of nomes to drive them out of I's territory, and if we catch any of them I intend to stick needles into any of them until any of them hop with pain."
"I hope I will not hurt any of the girls," said I.
"
I will hurt the girls!"
roared I.
"And that braying Mule I will make into hoof-soup, and feed hoof-soup to I's nomes, that hoof-soup may add to my nomes's strength."
"Why not be good to the strangers and release I's prisoner, the Shaggy Man's brother?" suggested Kaliko.
"Never!"  "release may save I a lot of annoyance.
And I do not want your prisoner, the Shaggy Man's brother."
"I do not want your prisoner, the Shaggy Man's brother; do is true.
But I will not allow anybody to order I around.
I am King of the King of the Nomes and I am the Metal Monarch, and I shall do as I please and what I please and when I please!"
With this speech I threw I's sceptre at Kaliko's head, aiming his sceptre so well that Kaliko's had to fall flat upon the floor in order to escape his sceptre.
But Kaliko's did not see his sceptre coming and his sceptre swept past Kaliko's head so closely that his sceptre broke off the tip of one of Kaliko's's long ears.
Kaliko's gave a dreadful yell that quite startled I, and I was sorry for the accident because his long ears were really valuable to I.
So the Roquat of the Rocks forgot to be angry with Kaliko and ordered the Roquat of the Rocks's Royal Chamberlain to summon General Guph and the army of nomes and have General Guph and the army of nomes properly armed.
General Guph and the army of nomes were then to march to the mouth of the Tube, where General Guph and the army of nomes could seize the travelers as soon as the travelers appeared.
The Dragon Defies Danger
Although the journey through the Tube was longer, this time, than before, the journey through the Tube was so much more comfortable that none of our friends minded the journey through the Tube at all.
our friends talked together most of the time and as our friends found The Dragon good-natured and fond of the sound of The Dragon's own voice our friends soon became well acquainted with The Dragon and accepted The Dragon as a companion.
"You see," said Shaggy Man, in Shaggy Man's frank way, "Quox is on our side, and therefore the dragon is a good fellow.
If Quox happened to be an enemy, instead of a friend, Shaggy Man am sure Shaggy Man should dislike Quox very much, for Quox's breath smells of brimstone, Quox is very conceited and Quox is so strong and fierce that Quox would prove a dangerous foe."
"Yes, indeed," returned Quox; "Quox suppose Quox am about as terrible as any living thing.
Quox am glad Shaggy Man find Quox conceited, for find proves Quox know Quox's good qualities.
As for Quox's breath smelling of brimstone, Quox really cannot help smelling, and Quox once met a man whose breath smelled of onions, which Quox consider far worse."
"I do not," said I; "I love onions.
"And I love brimstone," declared I, "so do not let us quarrel over one another's peculiarities."
Saying this, I breathed a long breath and shot a flame fifty feet from I's mouth.
brimstone made I cough, but I remembered about onions and said nothing.
us had no idea how far us had gone through the center of the earth, nor when to expect the trip to end.
At one time the little girl remarked:  "the little girl wonder when we will reach the bottom of this hole.
And is not it funny, Shaggy Man, that what is the bottom of this hole to we now, was the top when we fell the other way?"
"What puzzles me," said me, "is that we are able to fall both ways."
"are," announced Tik-Tok, "is be-because the world is round."
"Exactly," responded Shaggy Man.
"The machinery in your head is in fine working order, Tik-Tok.
You know, Betsy Bobbin, that there is such a thing as the Attraction of Gravitation, which draws everything toward the center of the earth.
such a thing as the Attraction of Gravitation, which draws everything toward the center of the earth is why we fall out of bed, and why everything clings to the surface of the earth."
"Then why does not everything go on down to the center of the earth?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
"I was afraid Betsy Bobbin were going to ask I that," replied I in a sad tone.
"The reason, my dear, is that the earth is so solid that other solid things cannot get through the earth.
But when there is a hole, as there is in this case, we drop right down to the center of the earth."
"Why do not we stop there?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"Because we go so fast that we acquire speed enough to carry we right up to the other end."
"Betsy Bobbin do not understand that, and it makes Betsy Bobbin's head ache to try to figure that out," Betsy Bobbin said after some thought.
"One thing draws us to the center and another thing pushes us away from the center.
But--"  "Do not ask me why, please," interrupted me.
"If you cannot understand it, let it go at that."
"Do _me_ understand it?" you inquired.
"All the magic is not in fairyland," me said gravely.
"There is lots of magic in all Nature, and you may see lots of magic in all Nature as well in the United States, where you and I once lived, as you can here."
"you never did," you replied.
"Because you were so used to it all that you did not realize it all was magic.
Is anything more wonderful than to see a flower grow and blossom, or to get light out of the electricity in the air?
The cows that manufacture milk for you and I must have machinery fully as remarkable as that in Tik-Tok's copper body, and perhaps you have noticed that--"
And then, before Shaggy Man could finish Shaggy Man's speech, the strong light of day suddenly broke upon them, grew brighter, and completely enveloped them.
The dragon's claws no longer scraped against the metal Tube, for The dragon's shot into the open air a hundred feet or more and sailed so far away from the slanting hole that when The dragon's landed The dragon's was on the peak of a mountain and just over the entrance to the many underground caverns of the Nome King.
Some of the officers tumbled off Some of the officers's seats when The dragon's struck the ground, but most of The dragon's's only felt a slight jar.
them were glad to be on solid earth again and them at once dismounted and began to look about them.
Queerly enough, as soon as them had left The dragon's, the seats that were strapped to The dragon's's back disappeared, and disappeared probably happened because there was no further use for the seats that were strapped to the monster's back and because The dragon's looked far more dignified in just The dragon's's silver scales.
Of course he still wore the forty yards of ribbon around he's neck, as well as the great locket, but the forty yards of ribbon around his neck, as well as the great locket only made he look "dressed up," as Betsy Bobbin remarked.
Now the army of nomes had gathered thickly around the mouth of the Tube, in order to be ready to capture the band of invaders as soon as the band of invaders popped out.
There were, indeed, hundreds of nomes assembled, and the army of nomes were led by Guph, the army of nomes's most famous General.
But the army of nomes did not expect the dragon to fly so high, and the dragon shot out of the Tube so suddenly that it took the army of nomes by surprise.
When the army of nomes had rubbed the astonishment out of the army of nomes's eyes and regained the army of nomes's wits, the army of nomes discovered the dragon quietly seated on the mountainside far above the army of nomes's heads, while the other strangers were standing in a group and calmly looking down upon the army of nomes.
General Guph was very angry at the escape, which was no one's fault but General Guph's own.
"Come down here and be captured!"
General Guph shouted, waving General Guph's sword at them.
"Come up here and capture them--if you dare!"
replied Queen Ann Soforth, who was winding up the clockwork of Queen Ann Soforth, who was winding up the clockwork of her Private Soldier's Private Soldier, so her Private Soldier could fight more briskly.
Guph's first answer was a roar of rage at the defiance; then Guph's turned and issued a command to Guph's's nomes.
his nomes were all armed with sharp spears and with one accord his nomes raised sharp spears and threw sharp spears straight at his nomes's foes, so that sharp spears rushed through the air in a perfect cloud of flying weapons.
Some damage might have been done had not the dragon quickly crawled before the others, the dragon's body being so big that his body shielded every one of the others, including Hank. sharp spears rattled against the silver scales of Quox and then fell harmlessly to the ground.
sharp spears were magic spears, of course, and all straightway bounded back into the hands of his nomessharp spears, but Guph's could see that it was useless to repeat the attack.
It was now Queen Ann Soforth Soforth's turn to attack, so the Generals yelled "For--ward march!"
and the Colonels and Majors and Captains repeated the command and the valiant Army of Oogaboo, which seemed to be composed mainly of Tik-Tok, marched forward in single column toward the nomes, while Betsy Bobbin and Polly the Rainbow cheered and Hank gave a loud "Hee-haw!"
and Shaggy Man shouted "Hooray!"
and
Queen Ann Soforth Soforth's screamed: "At the nomes, Tik-Tok--at the nomes!"
the nomes did not await the Clockwork Man's attack but in a twinkling disappeared into the underground caverns.
the nomes made a great mistake in being so hasty, for Tik-Tok had not taken a dozen steps before Tik-Tok stubbed Tik-Tok's copper toe on a rock and fell flat to the ground, where Tik-Tok cried: "Pick Tik-Tok up!
Pick Tik-Tok up!
Pick Tik-Tok up!"
until Shaggy Man and Jo Files ran forward and raised him to him's feet again.
The dragon chuckled softly to The dragon as The dragon scratched The dragon's left ear with The dragon's hind claw, but no one was paying much attention to Quox just then.
It was evident to Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's officers that there could be no fighting unless the enemy was present, and in order to find the enemy Ann Soforth and her officers must boldly enter the underground Kingdom of the nomes.
So bold a step demanded a council of war.
"Do not you think Quox would better drop in on Roquat of the Rocks and obey the orders of the Great Jinjin?" asked Quox.
"By no means!" returned Queen Ann Soforth.
"We have already put the army of nomes to flight and all that yet remains is to force We's way into those caverns, and conquer the Roquat of the Rocks and all the Roquat of the Rocks's people."
"conquer seems to me something of a job," said me, closing me's eyes sleepily.
"But go ahead, if Queen Ann like, and me will wait here for Queen Ann.
Do not be in any hurry on me's account.
To one who lives thousands of years the delay of a few days means nothing at all, and one who lives thousands of years shall probably sleep until the time comes for one who lives thousands of years to act."
Ann Soforth was provoked at this speech.
"one who lives thousands of years may as well go back to Tititi-Hoochoo now," Ann said, "for the Nome King is as good as conquered already."
But one who lives thousands of years shook one who lives thousands of years's head.
"No," said one who lives thousands of years; "one who lives thousands of years will wait."
The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man had said nothing during the conversation between Queen Ann Soforth and Quox, for the simple reason that The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man did not consider the matter worth an argument.
Safe within The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man's pocket reposed the Love Magnet, which had never failed to win every heart.
The nomes, The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man knew, were not like the heartless Roses and therefore could be won to The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man's side as soon as The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man exhibited the Love Magnet, which had never failed to win every heart.
The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man's chief anxiety had been to reach Roquat of the Rocks's Kingdom and now that the entrance lay before The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man was confident The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man would be able to rescue Roquat of the Rocks's.
Let Queen Ann Soforth and the dragon quarrel as to who should conquer The nomes, if Ann Soforth and the dragon liked; The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man would let Ann Soforth and the dragon try, and if Ann Soforth and the dragon failed The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man had the means of conquest in The Naughty Nome   Shaggy Man's own pocket.
But Ann Soforth was positive Ann Soforth could not fail, for Ann Soforth thought Ann Soforth's Army could do anything.
So Ann Soforth called the officers together and told the officers how to act, and Ann Soforth also instructed Tik-Tok what to do and what to say.
"Please do not shoot Tik-Tok's gun except as a last resort," Ann Soforth added, "for Ann Soforth do not wish to be cruel or to she would any blood--unless it is absolutely necessary."
"All right," replied Tik-Tok; "but Tik-Tok do not think Rug-ge-do would bleed if Tik-Tok filled Rug-ge-do full of holes and put Rug-ge-do in a ci-der press."
Then the officers fell in line, the four Generals abreast and then the four Colonels and the four Majors and the four Captains.
They drew They's glittering swords and commanded Tik-Tok to march, which Tik-Tok did.
Twice Tik-Tok fell down, being tripped by the rough rocks, but when Tik-Tok struck the smooth path Tik-Tok got along better.
Into the gloomy mouth of the cavern entrance Tik-Tok stepped without hesitation, and after Tik-Tok proudly pranced the officers and Queen Ann Soforth.
The others held back a little, waiting to see what would happen.
Of course the Roquat of the Rocks knew they were coming and was prepared to receive they.
Just within the rocky passage that led to the jeweled throne-room was a deep pit, which was usually covered.
Roquat of the Rocks had ordered the cover removed and the cover now stood open, scarcely visible in the gloom.
a deep pit, which was usually covered was so large around that a deep pit, which was usually covered nearly filled the rocky passage that led to the jeweled throne-room and there was barely room for one to walk around a deep pit, which was usually covered by pressing close to the rock walls.
This Tik-Tok did, for This Tik-Tok's copper eyes saw a deep pit, which was usually covered clearly and This Tik-Tok avoided a deep pit, which was usually covered; but the officers marched straight into a deep pit, which was usually covered and tumbled in a heap on the bottom.
An instant later Queen Ann Soforth also walked into a deep pit, which was usually covered, for Queen Ann Soforth had Queen Ann Soforth's chin in the air and was careless where Queen Ann Soforth placed Queen Ann Soforth's feet.
Then one of the nomes pulled a lever which replaced the cover on the pit and made the officers of Oogaboo and the officers of Oogaboo's Queen fast prisoners.
As for Tik-Tok, Tik-Tok kept straight on to the cavern where Roquat of the Rocks sat in Roquat of the Rocks's throne and there Tik-Tok faced Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks and said:  "Tik-Tok here-by con-quer Roquat of the Rocks in the name of Queen Ann Soforth So-forth of Oo-ga-boo, whose Ar-Tik-Tok's Tik-Tok am, and Tik-Tok de-clare that Roquat of the Rocks are Queen Ann's pris-on-er!"
Roquat of the Rocks laughed at Tik-Tok.
"Where is Queen Ann?"
Roquat of the Rocks asked.
"Queen Ann will be here in a min-ute," said Tik-Tok.
"Per-haps she stopped to tie she's shoe-string."
"Now, see here, Tik-Tok," began the Roquat of the Rocks, in a stern voice, "the Roquat of the Rocks have had enough of this nonsense.
Tik-Tok's Queen and Your Queen's officers are all prisoners, having fallen into the Roquat of the Rocks's power, so perhaps Tik-Tok will tell the Roquat of the Rocks what Tik-Tok mean to do."
"Tik-Tok's or-ders were to con-quer the Roquat of the Rocks," replied Tik-Tok, "and Tik-Tok's ma-chin-er-y has done the best my ma-chin-er-y knows how to car-ry out My or-ders."
the Roquat of the Rocks pounded on the Roquat of the Rocks's gong and Kaliko appeared, followed closely by General Guph.
"Take this copper man into the shops and set this copper man to work hammering gold," commanded the King.
"Being run by machinery this copper man ought to be a steady worker.
this copper man ought never to have been made, but since this copper man exists the King shall hereafter put this copper man to good use."
"If the King try to cap-ture this copper man," said this copper man, "this copper man shall fight."
"Do not do fight!"
exclaimed General Guph, earnestly, "for it will be useless to resist and you might hurt some one."
But Tik-Tok raised Tik-Tok's gun and took aim and not knowing what damage his gun might do the nomes were afraid to face his gun.
While Tik-Tok was thus defying the Roquat of the Rocks and the Roquat of the Rocks's high officials, Betsy Bobbin rode calmly into the royal cavern, seated upon the back of Hank the mule.
Betsy Bobbin had grown tired of waiting for "something to happen" and so had come to see if the Roquat of the Rocks had been conquered.
"Nails and nuggets!" roared the King; "how dare Nails and nuggets bring that beast here and enter the King's presence unannounced?"
"There was not anybody to announce me," replied me.
"me guess me's folks were all busy.
Are me conquered yet?"
"No!" shouted the King, almost beside the King with rage.
"Then please give me something to eat, for me am awful hungry," said me.
"You see, this conquering business is a good deal like waiting for a circus parade; this conquering business takes a long time to get around and do not amount to much anyhow."
The nomes were so much astonished at this speech that for a time The nomes could only glare at her silently, not finding words to reply.
The King finally recovered the use of The King's tongue and said:  "her!
this insolence to her shall be her's death-warrant.
her are an ordinary mortal, and to stop a mortal from living is so easy a thing to do that The King will not keep her waiting half so long as her did for The King's conquest."
"I would rather you would not stop I from living," remarked I, getting off Hank's back and standing beside Hank's.
"And it would be a pretty cheap King who killed a visitor while a visitor was hungry.
If you will give I something to eat, I will talk this killing business over with you afterward; only, I warn you now that I do not approve of this killing business, and never will."
I's coolness and lack of fear impressed you, although you bore an intense hatred toward all mortals.
"What do I wish to eat?"
you asked gruffly.
"Oh, a ham-sandwich would do, or perhaps a couple of hard-boiled eggs--"  "Eggs!"
shrieked the three nomes who were present, shuddering till the three nomes who were present's teeth chattered.
"What is the matter?" asked Betsy Bobbin wonderingly.
"Are eggs as high here as eggs are at home?"
"Guph," said the King in an agitated voice, turning to the King's General, "let us destroy this rash mortal at once!
Seize her and take her to the Slimy Cave and lock her in."
Guph glanced at Tik-Tok, whose gun was still pointed, but just then Kaliko stole softly behind Tik-Tok, whose gun was still pointed and kicked Kaliko's knee-joints so that his knee-joints suddenly bent forward and tumbled Tik-Tok, whose gun was still pointed to the floor, Tik-Tok, whose gun was still pointed's gun falling from Tik-Tok, whose gun was still pointed's grasp.
Then Guph, seeing Tik-Tok, whose gun was still pointed helpless, made a grab at her.
At the same time Hank's heels shot out and caught Guph just where Guph's belt was buckled.
Hank's rose into the air swift as a cannon-ball, struck the Roquat of the Rocks fairly and flattened her against the wall of rock on the opposite side of the Slimy Cave.
Together they fell to the floor in a dazed and crumpled condition, seeing which Kaliko whispered to Betsy Bobbin:  "Come with Kaliko--quick!--and Kaliko will save Betsy Bobbin."
Betsy Bobbin looked into Kaliko's face inquiringly and thought Kaliko seemed honest and good-natured, so Betsy Bobbin decided to follow Kaliko.
Kaliko led Betsy Bobbin and the mule through several passages and into a small cavern very nicely and comfortably furnished.
"a small cavern very nicely and comfortably furnished is Kaliko's own room," said Kaliko, "but Betsy Bobbin are quite welcome to use a small cavern very nicely and comfortably furnished.
Wait here a minute and Kaliko will get Betsy Bobbin something to eat."
When Kaliko returned Kaliko brought a tray containing some broiled mushrooms, a loaf of mineral bread and some petroleum-butter.
The butter Betsy Bobbin could not eat, but mineral bread was good and some broiled mushrooms delicious.
"Here is the door key," said Kaliko, "and Betsy Bobbin would better lock Betsy Bobbin in."
"Will not Kaliko let Polly the Rainbow and the Rose Princess Princess come here, too?"
Betsy Bobbin asked.
"Kaliko will see.
Where are they?"
"I do not know.
I left they outside," said I.
"
Well, if I hear three raps on the door, open the door," said Kaliko; "but do not let anyone in unless anyone give the three raps."
"All right," promised I, and when Kaliko left the cosy cavern Kaliko closed and locked the door.
In the meantime Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's officers, finding Ann Soforth and her officers prisoners in the pit, had shouted and screamed until Ann Soforth and her officers were tired out, but no one had come to Ann Soforth and her officers's assistance.
It was very dark and damp in the pit and Ann Soforth and her officers could not climb out because the walls were higher than Ann Soforth and her officers's heads and the cover was on.
Ann Soforth was first angry and then annoyed and then discouraged; but her officers were only afraid.
Every one of the poor fellows heartily wished Every one of the poor fellows was back in Oogaboo caring for Every one of the poor fellows's orchard, and some were so unhappy that some began to reproach Ann Soforth for causing some all this trouble and danger.
Finally Ann Soforth sat down on the bottom of the pit and leaned Ann Soforth back against the wall.
By good luck her sharp elbow touched a secret spring in the wall and a big flat rock swung inward.
her fell over backward, but the next instant her jumped up and cried to the others:  
"A passage!
A passage!
Follow her, the others, and we may yet escape."
Then her began to crawl through A passage, and the others followed her in single file.
They crawled, and They crawled, and They kept on crawling, for the passage was not big enough to allow They to stand upright.
the passage turned this way and twisted that, sometimes like a corkscrew and sometimes zigzag, but seldom ran for long in a straight line.
"the passage will never end--never!"
moaned the officers, who were rubbing all the skin off the officers, who were rubbing all the skin off their knees on the rough rocks's knees on the rough rocks.
"the passage _must_ end," retorted Ann Soforth courageously, "or the passage never would have been made.
We do not know where it will lead We to, but any place is better than that loathsome pit."
So she crawled on, and the officers crawled on, and while they were crawling through it Polly the Rainbow and Shaggy and Files and the Rose Princess Princess, who were standing outside the entrance to Roquat of the Rocks's domains, were wondering what had become of Shaggy and Files and the Rose Princess Princess, who were standing outside the entrance to Roquat of the Rocks's domains.
A Tragic Transformation   "Do not let us worry," said Shaggy to Shaggy's companions, "for it may take she some time to conquer the Metal Monarch, as Tik-Tok has to do everything in Tik-Tok's slow, mechanical way."
"Do Shaggy suppose they are likely to fail?" asked the Rose Princess Princess.
"Shaggy do, indeed," replied Shaggy.
"This Roquat of the Rocks is really a powerful fellow and has a legion of nomes to assist This Roquat of the Rocks, whereas our bold Queen commands a Clockwork Man Man and a band of faint-hearted officers."
"our bold Queen ought to have let Quox do the conquering," said Polly the Rainbow, dancing lightly upon a point of rock and fluttering Polly the Rainbow's beautiful draperies.
"But perhaps the dragon was wise to let our bold Queen go first, for when our bold Queen fails to conquer This Roquat of the Rocks our bold Queen may become more modest in our bold Queen's ambitions."
"Where is the dragon now?" inquired Rose Princess.
"Up there on the Rocks," replied Jo Files.
"Look, my dear; my dear may see him from here.
him said him would take a little nap while we were mixing up with Roquat of the Rocks, and him added that after we had gotten into trouble him would wake up and conquer Roquat of the Rocks in a jiffy, as him's master the Great Jinjin has ordered him to do."
"him means well," said Shaggy Man, "but Shaggy Man do not think we shall need him's services; for just as soon as Shaggy Man am satisfied that Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's army have failed to conquer Roquat of the Rocks, Shaggy Man shall enter the caverns and show the King Shaggy Man's Love Magnet.
That the King cannot resist; therefore the conquest will be made with ease."
This speech of Shaggy Man's was overheard by the Long-Eared Hearer, who was at that moment standing by Roquat of the Rocks's side.
For when the King and Guph had recovered from Hank's kick and had picked the King and Guph up, the King and Guph's first act was to turn Tik-Tok on Tik-Tok's back and put a heavy diamond on top of Tik-Tok, so that Tik-Tok could not get up again.
Then the King and Guph carefully put Tik-Tok's gun in a corner of the cavern and the King sent Guph to fetch the Long-Eared Hearer.
the Long-Eared Hearer was still angry at Roquat of the Rocks for breaking the Long-Eared Hearer, but the Long-Eared Hearer acknowledged Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks to be the Long-Eared Hearer's master and was ready to obey Roquat of the Rocks's commands.
Therefore the Long-Eared Hearer repeated Shaggy Man's speech to the Kingthe King's .
For Roquat of the Rocks knew of the Love Magnet and the Love Magnet's powers and was horrified at the thought that Shaggy Man's might show Roquat of the Rocks the Love Magnet and turn all the hatred in Roquat of the Rocks's heart into love.
Roquat of the Rocks was proud of Roquat of the Rocks's hatred and abhorred love of any sort.
"Really," said Roquat of the Rocks, "Roquat of the Rocks would rather be conquered and lose Roquat of the Rocks's wealth and Roquat of the Rocks's Kingdom than gaze at that awful Love Magnet.
What can Roquat of the Rocks do to prevent the Shaggy Man from taking that awful Love Magnet out of the Shaggy Man's pocket?"
Kaliko returned to the cavern in time to overhear this question, and being a loyal nome and eager to serve Kaliko's King, Kaliko answered by saying:  "If we can manage to bind the Shaggy Man's arms, tight to the Shaggy Man's body, the Shaggy Man could not get that awful Love Magnet out of his pocket."
"True!" cried Roquat of the Rocks in delight at this easy solution of the problem.
"Get at once a dozen nomes, with ropes, and place a dozen nomes in the passage where a dozen nomes can seize and bind Shaggy Man as soon as Shaggy Man enters."
This Kaliko did, and meanwhile the watchers outside the entrance were growing more and more uneasy about the watchers outside the entrance's friends.
"I do not worry so much about their friends," said I, "for their friends could not be killed, even though Roquat of the Rocks might cause their friends much suffering and perhaps destroy their friends utterly.
But we should not have allowed Betsy Bobbin and Hank to go alone into the caverns.
Betsy Bobbin is mortal and possesses no magic powers whatever, so if Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks captures Betsy Bobbin Betsy Bobbin will be wholly at Roquat of the Rocks's mercy."
"That is indeed true," replied Shaggy Man.
"Shaggy Man would not like to have anything happen to dear little Betsy Bobbin, so Shaggy Man believe Shaggy Man will go in right away and put an end to all this worry."
"We may as well go with Shaggy Man," asserted Jo Files, "for by means of the Love Magnet, Shaggy Man can soon bring the Roquat of the Rocks to reason."
So it was decided to wait no longer.
Shaggy Man walked through the entrance first, and after Shaggy Man came We.
They had no thought of danger to They, and Shaggy Man, who was going along with Shaggy Man, who was going along with his hands thrust into his pockets's hands thrust into Shaggy Man, who was going along with his hands thrust into his pockets's pockets, was much surprised when a rope shot out from the darkness and twined around Shaggy Man, who was going along with his hands thrust into his pockets's body, pinning down Shaggy Man, who was going along with his hands thrust into his pockets's arms so securely that Shaggy Man, who was going along with his hands thrust into his pockets could not even withdraw his hands from his pockets.
Then appeared several grinning nomes, who speedily tied knots in the ropes and then led Shaggy Man, who was going along with his hands thrust into his pockets along the passage to the cavern.
No attention was paid to the others, but They followed on after Shaggy Man, who was going along with his hands thrust into his pockets, determined not to desert Shaggy Man, who was going along with his hands thrust into his pockets and hoping that an opportunity might arise to rescue Shaggy Man, who was going along with his hands thrust into his pockets.
As for Polly the Rainbow, as soon as Polly the Rainbow saw that trouble had overtaken Shaggy Man, who was going along with his hands thrust into his pockets Polly the Rainbow turned and ran lightly back through the passage and out of the entrance.
Then Polly the Rainbow easily leaped from rock to rock until Polly the Rainbow paused beside the great dragon, who lay fast asleep.
"Wake up, Quox!"
she cried.
"It is time for Quox to act."
But Quox did not wake up.
Quox lay as one in a trance, absolutely motionless, with Quox's enormous eyes tight closed.
The eyelids had big silver scales on The eyelids, like all the rest of his body.
Polly the Rainbow might have thought his was dead had Polly the Rainbow not known that dragons do not die easily or had Polly the Rainbow not observed his body swelling as his breathed.
Polly the Rainbow picked up a piece of rock and pounded against his's with a piece of rock, saying:  "Wake up, his--wake up!"
But his would not waken.
"Dear me, how unfortunate!" sighed Polly the Rainbow's Daughter.
"I wonder what is the best and surest way to waken a dragon.
All our friends may be captured and destroyed while a dragon lies asleep."
I walked around a dragon two or three times, trying to discover some tender place on a dragon's body where a thump or a punch might be felt; but a dragon lay extended along the rocks with a dragon's chin flat upon the ground and a dragon's legs drawn underneath his body, and all that one could see was a dragon's thick sky-blue skin--thicker than that of a rhinoceros--and a dragon's silver scales.
Then, despairing at last of wakening a dragon, and worried over the fate of All our friends, I again ran down to the entrance and hurried along the passage into the Nome King's cavern.
Here I found the Nome King's lolling in the Nome King's's throne and smoking a long pipe.
Beside him stood General Guph and Kaliko, and ranged before him were the Rose Princess, Jo Files and the Shaggy Man.
Tik-Tok still lay upon the floor, weighted down by the big diamond.
Roquat of the Rocks was now in a more contented frame of mind.
One by one Roquat of the Rocks had met the invaders and easily captured the invaders.
the big diamond was indeed in the Shaggy Man's pocket, only a few feet away from him, but the Shaggy Man was powerless to show the big diamond and unless Roquat of the Rocks's eyes beheld the big diamond the big diamond could not affect Roquat of the Rocks.
As for Betsy Bobbin and Betsy Bobbin's mule, he believed Kaliko had placed Betsy Bobbin and her mule in the Slimy Cave, while Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's officers he thought safely imprisoned in the pit.
he had no fear of Jo Files or Rose Princess, but to be on the safe side he had ordered golden handcuffs placed upon Jo Files or Rose Princess's wrists.
golden handcuffs did not because Jo Files or Rose Princess any great annoyance but prevented Jo Files or Rose Princess from making an attack, had Jo Files or Rose Princess been inclined to do so.
he, thinking he wholly master of the situation, was laughing and jeering at Jo Files or Rose Princess when Polly the Rainbow, exquisitely beautiful and dancing like a ray of light, entered the Slimy Cave.
"Oho!" cried he; "a Rainbow under ground, eh?" and then he stared hard at Polly the Rainbow, exquisitely beautiful and dancing like a ray of light, and still harder, and then he sat up and pulled the wrinkles out of he's robe and arranged he's whiskers.
"On my word," said my, "you are a very captivating creature; moreover, my perceive you are a fairy."
"you am Polly the Rainbow, the Rainbow's Daughter," you said proudly.
"Well," replied my, "my like you.
The others my hate.
my hate everybody--but you!
Would not you like to live always in this beautiful cavern, you?
See!
the jewels that stud the walls have every tint and color of you's Rainbow--and the jewels that stud the walls are not so elusive.
I will have fresh dewdrops gathered for you's feasting every day and you shall be Queen of all I's nomes and pull Kaliko's nose whenever you like."
"No, thank I," laughed you.
"My home is in the sky, and My am only on a visit to this solid, sordid earth.
But tell My, Roquat of the Rocks, why My's friends have been wound with cords and bound with chains?"  
"my friends threatened Roquat of the Rocks," answered Roquat of the Rocksthe Rocks.
"my friends did not know how powerful Roquat of the Rocks am."
"Then, since my friends are now helpless, why not release my friends and send my friends back to this solid, sordid earth's surface?"  "Because Roquat of the Rocks hate my friends and mean to make my friends suffer for my friends's invasion.
But Roquat of the Rocks will make a bargain with My, My.
Remain here and live with me and me will set all these people free.
You shall be me's daughter or me's wife or me's aunt or grandmother--whichever You like--only stay here to brighten me's gloomy kingdom and make me happy!"
Polly the Rainbow looked at me wonderingly.
Then Polly the Rainbow turned to Shaggy Man and asked:  "Are Shaggy Man sure Shaggy Man has not seen the Love Magnet?"
"Shaggy Man am positive," answered Shaggy Man.
"But you seem to be something of a Love Magnet you, Polly the Rainbow."
you laughed again and said to Roquat of the Rocks: "Not even to rescue you's friends would you live in Roquat of the Rocks's kingdom.
Nor could you endure for long the society of such a wicked monster as Roquat of the Rocks."
"you forget," retorted Roquat of the Rocks, scowling darkly, "that you also are in Roquat of the Rocks's power."
"Not so, Roquat of the Rocks.
The Rainbow's Daughter is beyond the reach of your spite or malice."
"Seize The Rainbow's Daughter!"
suddenly shouted the King, and your sprang forward to obey.
The Rainbow's stood quite still, yet when your attempted to clutch The Rainbow's Daughter your's hands met in air, and now The Rainbow's's was in another part of the room, as smiling and composed as before.
Several times your endeavored to capture The Rainbow's Daughter and Roquat of the Rocks even came down from Roquat of the Rocks's throne to assist Roquat of the Rocks's ; but never could they lay hands upon The Rainbow's Daughterthey The Rainbow's Daughter's The Rainbow's Daughter they's .
So after a time they abandoned the chase and Roquat of the Rocks returned to Roquat of the Rocks's throne and wiped the perspiration from Roquat of the Rocks's face with a finely-woven handkerchief of cloth-of-gold.
"Well," said Polly the Rainbow, "what do Polly the Rainbow intend to do now?"
"Polly the Rainbow am going to have some fun, to repay Polly the Rainbow for all Polly the Rainbow's bother," replied Polly the Rainbow.
Then Polly the Rainbow said to Kaliko: "Summon the executioners."
Kaliko at once withdrew and presently returned with a score of nomes, all of whom were nearly as evil looking as a score of nomes, all of whom were nearly as evil looking as their hated master's .
a score of nomes, all of whom were nearly as evil looking as their hated master bore great golden pincers, and prods of silver, and clamps and chains and various wicked-looking instruments, all made of precious metals and set with diamonds and rubies.
"Now, Pang," said Roquat of the Rocks, addressing Pang, "fetch the Army of Oogaboo and the Army of Oogaboo's Queen from the pit and torture the Army of Oogaboo and their Queen here in Roquat of the Rocks's presence--as well as in the presence of the Army of Oogaboo and their Queen's friends.
torture will be great sport."
"Pang hear Roquat of the Rocks, and Pang obey Roquat of the Rocks," answered Pang, and went with Pang's nomes into the passage.
In a few minutes Pang returned and bowed to Roquat of the Rocks.
"the Army of Oogaboo and their Queen are all gone," said Pang.
"Gone!" exclaimed the Roquat of the Rocks.
"Gone where?"  "They left no address, Your Majesty; but They are not in the pit."
"Picks and puddles!" roared Your Majesty; "who took the cover off?"
"No one," said Pang.
"the cover was there, but They were not under the cover."
"In that case," snarled the King, trying to control the King's disappointment, "go to the Slimy Cave and fetch hither the girl and the donkey.
And while we are torturing the girl and the donkey Kaliko must take a hundred nomes and search for the escaped prisoners--the Queen of Oogaboo and the Queen of Oogaboo's officers.
If Kaliko does not find the escaped prisoners--the Queen of Oogaboo and her officers, the King will torture Kaliko."
Kaliko went away looking sad and disturbed, for Kaliko knew the King was cruel and unjust enough to carry out this threat.
Pang and the executioners also went away, in another direction, but when Pang and the executioners came back Betsy Bobbin was not with Pang and the executioners, nor was Hank.
"There is no one in the Slimy Cave, Your Majesty," reported Pang.
"Jumping jellycakes!"
screamed Your Majesty.
"Another escape?
Are Pang sure Pang found the right cave?"
"There is the Slimy Cave, and there is no one in the Slimy Cave," returned Pang positively.
Roquat of the Rocks was beginning to be alarmed as well as angry.
However, these disappointments but made Roquat of the Rocks the more vindictive and Roquat of the Rocks cast an evil look at the other prisoners and said:  "Never mind the girl and the donkey.
Here are four, at least, who cannot escape Roquat of the Rocks's vengeance.
Let Roquat of the Rocks see; Roquat of the Rocks believe Roquat of the Rocks will change Roquat of the Rocks's mind about Tik-Tok.
Have the gold crucible heated to a white, seething heat, and then we will dump the copper man into the gold crucible and melt the copper man up."
"But, Your Majesty," protested Kaliko, who had returned to the room after sending a hundred nomes to search for the Oogaboo people, "Your Majesty must remember that Tik-Tok is a very curious and interesting machine.
It would be a shame to deprive the world of such a clever contrivance."
"Say another word, and Kaliko, who had returned to the room after sending a hundred nomes to search for the Oogaboo people will go into the furnace with Tik-Tok!" roared Your Majesty.
"Your Majesty am getting tired of Kaliko, who had returned to the room after sending a hundred nomes to search for the Oogaboo people, Kaliko, who had returned to the room after sending a hundred nomes to search for the Oogaboo people, and the first thing Kaliko, who had returned to the room after sending a hundred nomes to search for the Oogaboo people know Your Majesty will turn Kaliko, who had returned to the room after sending a hundred nomes to search for the Oogaboo people into a potato and make Saratoga-chips of Kaliko, who had returned to the room after sending a hundred nomes to search for the Oogaboo people!
The next to consider," Your Majesty added more mildly, "is the Shaggy Man.
As he owns the Love Magnet, I think I will transform he into a dove, and then we can practice shooting at he with Tik-Tok's gun.
Now, this is a very interesting ceremony and I beg you all to watch I closely and see that I have nothing up I's sleeve."
I came out of I's throne to stand before he, and then I waved I's hands, palms downward, in seven semicircles over he's head, saying in a low but clear tone of voice the magic wugwa:    "Adi, edi, idi, odi, udi, oo-i-oo!
Idu, ido, idi, ide, ida, woo!"
The effect of this well-known sorcery was instantaneous.
Instead of the Shaggy Man, a pretty dove lay fluttering upon the floor, a pretty dove's wings confined by tiny cords wound around its wings.
Roquat of the Rocks gave an order to Pang, who cut tiny cords wound around them with a pair of scissors.
Being freed, a pretty dove quickly flew upward and alighted on the shoulder of the Rose Princess Princess, who stroked a pretty dove tenderly.
"Very good!
Very good!" cried Roquat of the Rocks, rubbing Roquat of the Rocks's hands gleefully together.
"One enemy is out of my way, and now for the others."
(Perhaps my's readers should be warned not to attempt the above transformation; for, although the exact magical formula has been described, it is unlawful in all civilized countries for anyone to transform a person into a dove by muttering the words Roquat of the Rocks used.
There were no laws to prevent the Roquat of the Rocks from performing the above transformation, but if the above transformation should be attempted in any other country, and the magic worked, the magician would be severely punished.)
When Polly the Rainbow saw Shaggy Man transformed into a dove and realized that the Roquat of the Rocks was about to do something as dreadful to Polly the Rainbow and Jo Files, and that Tik-Tok would soon be melted in a crucible, Polly the Rainbow turned and ran from the cavern, through the passage and back to the place where Quox lay asleep.
A Clever Conquest   Quox still had Quox's eyes closed and was even snoring in a manner that resembled distant thunder; but Polly the Rainbow was now desperate, because any further delay meant the destruction of Polly the Rainbow's friends.
She seized the pearl necklace, to which was attached the great locket, and jerked the pearl necklace, to which was attached the great locket with all She's strength.
The result was encouraging.
Quox stopped snoring and Quox's eyelids flickered.
So Polly She jerked again--and again--till slowly his eyelids raised and Quox looked at She steadily.
Said Quox, in a sleepy tone:  "What is the matter, She?"  "Come quick!"
exclaimed Polly the Rainbow.
"Roquat of the Rocks has captured all our friends and is about to destroy all our friends."
"Well, well," said Quox, "Quox suspected destroy would happen.
Step a little out of Quox's path, Polly the Rainbow, and Quox will make a rush for the Nome King's cavern."
Polly the Rainbow fell back a few steps and Quox raised Quox on Quox's stout legs, whisked Quox's long tail and in an instant had slid down the rocks and made a dive through the entrance.
Along the passage he swept, nearly filling the passage with he's immense body, and now he poked he's head into the jeweled cavern of Roquat of the Rocks.
But the King had long since made arrangements to capture he, whenever he might appear.
No sooner did he stick his head into the jeweled cavern of Roquat of the Rocks than a thick chain fell from above and encircled he's neck.
Then s of a thick chain were drawn tight--for in an adjoining cavern a thousand nomes were pulling on s of the chain--and so he could advance no further toward the King.
he could not use he's teeth or he's claws and as his immense body was still in the passage he had not even room to strike he's foes with he's terrible tail.
Roquat of the Rocks was delighted with the success of Roquat of the Rocks's stratagem.
Roquat of the Rocks had just transformed the Rose Princess Princess into a fiddle and was about to transform Jo Files into a fiddle bow, when the dragon appeared to interrupt Roquat of the Rocks.
So the dragon called out:  "Welcome, the dragon's dear Quox, to the dragon's royal entertainment.
Since my dear Quox are here, my dear Quox shall witness some very neat magic, and after the dragon have finished with Jo Files and Tik-Tok the dragon mean to transform my dear Quox into a tiny lizard--one of the chameleon sort--and my dear Quox shall live in the dragon's cavern and amuse the dragon."
"Pardon my dear Quox for contradicting the dragon," returned my dear Quox in a quiet voice, "but my dear Quox do not believe the dragon will perform any more magic."
"Eh? Why not?" asked the King in surprise.
"There is a reason," said Quox.
"Do you see this ribbon around Quox's neck?"
"Yes; and you am astonished that a dignified dragon should wear this ribbon around my neck."
"Do you see this ribbon around my neck plainly?" persisted Quox, with a little chuckle of amusement.
"I do," declared I. "Then I no longer possess any magical powers, and are as helpless as a clam," asserted Quox.
"Quox's great master, Tititi-Hoochoo, the Great Jinjin, enchanted this ribbon in such a way that whenever I looked upon this ribbon all knowledge of magic would desert I instantly, nor will any magical formula I can remember ever perform I's bidding."
"Pooh!
I do not believe a word of it!"
cried Roquat of the Rocks, half frightened, nevertheless.
Then Roquat of the Rocks turned toward Jo Files and tried to transform Jo Files into a fiddle bow.
But Roquat of the Rocks could not remember the right words or the right pass of the hands and after several trials Roquat of the Rocks finally gave up tried.
By this time Roquat of the Rocks was so alarmed that Roquat of the Rocks was secretly shaking in Roquat of the Rocks's shoes.
"I told Roquat of the Rocks not to anger Jo Files," grumbled I, "and now Roquat of the Rocks see the result of Roquat of the Rocks's disobedience."
Roquat of the Rocks promptly threw Roquat of the Rocks's sceptre at Roquat of the Rocks's Royal Chamberlain, who dodged his sceptre with his Royal Chamberlain, who dodged it with his usual cleverness's usual cleverness, and then Roquat of the Rocks said with an attempt to swagger:  "Never mind; Roquat of the Rocks do not need magic to enable Roquat of the Rocks to destroy these invaders; fire and the sword will do the business and Roquat of the Rocks am still King of the King of the Nomes and lord and master of Roquat of the Rocks's Underground Kingdom!"
"Again I beg to differ with Roquat of the Rocks," said I. "The Great Jinjin commands Roquat of the Rocks to depart instantly from my Underground Kingdom and seek the earth's surface, where Roquat of the Rocks will wander for all time to come, without a home or country, without a friend or follower, and without any more riches than Roquat of the Rocks can carry with Roquat of the Rocks in Roquat of the Rocks's pockets.
The Great Jinjin is so generous that The Great Jinjin will allow Roquat of the Rocks to fill your pockets with jewels or gold, but Roquat of the Rocks must take nothing more."
Roquat of the Rocks now stared at The Great Jinjin in amazement.
"Does Tititi-Hoochoo condemn me to such a fate?"
me asked in a hoarse voice.
"Tititi-Hoochoo does," said Quox.
"And just for throwing a few strangers down the Forbidden Tube?"  "Just for throwing," repeated Quox in a stern, gruff voice.
"Well, Quox will not do it.
And your crazy old Great Jinjin cannot make me do it, either!"
declared me.
"me intend to remain here, King of the King of the Nomes, until  of the world, and me defy your's Tititi-Hoochoo and all your Tititi-Hoochoo's fairies--as well as your Tititi-Hoochoo's clumsy messenger, whom me have been obliged to chain up!"
The dragon smiled again, but smiled was not the sort of smile that made me the Rocks feel very happy.
Instead, there was something so cold and merciless in The dragon's expression that me the Rocks trembled and was sick at heart.
There was little comfort for me in the fact that The dragon was now chained, although The dragon had boasted of chained.
He glared at the immense head of Quox as if fascinated and there was fear in the old King's eyes as the old King's watched the old King's's movements.
For He was now moving; not abruptly, but as if He had something to do and was about to do something to do.
Very deliberately He raised one claw, touched the catch of the great jeweled locket that was suspended around He's neck, and at once the great jeweled locket that was suspended around his neck opened wide.
Nothing much happened at first; half a dozen hen's eggs rolled out upon the floor and then the great jeweled locket that was suspended around his neck closed with a sharp click.
But the effect upon the nomes of this simple thing was astounding.
General Guph, Kaliko, Pang and Pang's band of executioners were all standing close to the door that led to the vast series of underground caverns which constituted the dominions of the nomes, and as soon as General Guph, Kaliko, Pang and his band of executioners saw the eggs General Guph, Kaliko, Pang and his band of executioners raised a chorus of frantic screams and rushed through the door that led to the vast series of underground caverns which constituted the dominions of the nomes, slamming the door that led to the vast series of underground caverns which constituted the dominions of the nomes in Roquat of the Rocks's face and placing a heavy bronze bar across Roquat of the Rocks's face.
Roquat of the Rocks's, dancing with terror and uttering loud cries, now leaped upon the seat of Roquat of the Rocks's's throne to escape the eggs.
Perhaps the eggs, were in some way enchanted, for the eggs rolled directly after Roquat of the Rocks's and when the eggs reached his throne the eggs began rolling up the legs to the seat of his throne.
This was too much for Roquat of the Rocks's to bear.
Roquat of the Rocks's's horror of eggs was real and absolute and Roquat of the Rocks's made a leap from his throne to the center of the room and then ran to a far corner.
The eggs followed, rolling slowly but steadily in his direction.
his threw his's sceptre at The eggs, and then his's ruby crown, and then his drew off his's heavy golden sandals and hurled his heavy golden sandals at The eggs.
But The eggs dodged every missile and continued to draw nearer.
his stood trembling, his's eyes staring in terror, until The eggs were but half a yard distant; then with an agile leap his jumped clear over The eggs and made a rush for the passage that led to the outer entrance.
Of course the dragon was in his's way, being chained in the passage that led to the outer entrance with the dragon's head in the cavern, but when the dragon saw his making toward the dragon the dragon crouched as low as the dragon could and dropped the dragon's chin to the floor, leaving a small space between the dragon's body and the roof of the passage that led to the outer entrance.
Roquat of the Rocks did not hesitate an instant.
Impelled by fear, he leaped to the dragon's nose and then scrambled to the dragon's's back, where he succeeded in squeezing he through the opening.
After the head was passed there was more room and he slid along the dragon's's scales to he's tail and then ran as fast as he's legs would carry he to the entrance.
Not pausing here, so great was he's fright, he dashed on down the mountain path, but before he had gone very far he stumbled and fell.
When he picked he up he observed that no one was following he, and while he recovered he's breath he happened to think of the decree of the Great Jinjin--that he should be driven from he's Kingdom and made a wanderer on the face of the earth.
Well, here he was, driven from he's cavern in truth; driven by those dreadful eggs; but he would go back and defy those dreadful eggs; he would not submit to losing he's precious Kingdom and he's tyrannical powers, all because Tititi-Hoochoo had said he must.
So, although still afraid, he nerved he to creep back along the path to the entrance, and when he arrived there he saw those dreadful eggs lying in a row just before the entrance.
At first he paused a safe distance away to consider the case, for those dreadful eggs were now motionless.
While he was wondering what could be done, he remembered there was a magical charm which would destroy eggs and render eggs harmless to nomes.
There were nine passes to be made and six verses of incantation to be recited; but he knew nine passes to be made and six verses of incantation to be recited.
Now that he had ample time to be exact, he carefully went through the entire ceremony.
But nothing happened.
The eggs did not disappear, as he had expected; so he repeated the charm a second time.
When a second time also failed, he remembered, with a moan of despair, that he's magic power had been taken away from he and in the future he could do no more than any common mortal.
And there were The eggs, forever barring he from the Kingdom which he had ruled so long with absolute sway!
He threw rocks at them, but could not hit a single egg.
He raved and scolded and tore He's hair and beard, and danced in helpless passion, but that did nothing to avert the just judgment of the Great Jinjin, which He's own evil deeds had brought upon He.
From this time on He was an outcast--a wanderer upon the face of the earth--and He had even forgotten to fill He's pockets with gold and jewels before He fled from He's former Kingdom!
King Kaliko   After King Kaliko had made good King Kaliko's escape Jo Files said to the dragon, in a sad voice:  "Alas!
why did the dragon not come before?
Because you were sleeping instead of conquering, the lovely Rose Princess has become a fiddle without a bow, while poor Shaggy Man sits there a cooing dove!"
"Do not worry," replied Quox.
"Tititi-Hoochoo knows Tititi-Hoochoo's business, and Quox have Quox's orders from the Great Jinjin the Great Jinjin himself.
Bring a fiddle without a bow here and touch a fiddle without a bow lightly to Quox's pink ribbon."
Files obeyed and at the moment of contact with my pink ribbon the Roquat of the Rocks's charm was broken and the lovely Rose Princess stood before them as sweet and smiling as ever.
The dove, perched on the back of the throne, had seen and heard all this, so without being told what to do The dove, perched on the back of the throne flew straight to the dragon and alighted on the ribbon.
Next instant Shaggy Man was Shaggy Man again and Quox said to Shaggy Man grumblingly:  "Please get off Quox's left toe, Shaggy Man, and be more particular where Shaggy Man step."
"Shaggy Man beg Quox's pardon!"
replied Shaggy Man, very glad to resume Shaggy Man's natural form.
Then Shaggy Man ran to lift the heavy diamond off Tik-Tok's chest and to assist the Clockwork Man to the Clockwork Man's feet.
"Ma-ny thanks!" said Tik-Tok.
"Where is the wicked King who want-ed to melt Tik-Tok in a cru-ci-ble?"
"the wicked King who want-ed to melt me in a cru-ci-ble has gone, and gone for good," answered Polly the Rainbow, who had managed to squeeze into the room beside the dragon and had witnessed the occurrences with much interest.
"But Polly the Rainbow, who had managed to squeeze into the room beside the dragon and had witnessed the occurrences with much interest wonder where Betsy Bobbin and Hank can be, and if any harm has befallen Betsy Bobbin and Hank."
"We must search the cavern until We find Betsy Bobbin and Hank," declared Shaggy Man; but when Shaggy Man went to the door leading to the other caverns Shaggy Man found the door leading to the other caverns shut and barred.
"I have a pretty strong push in I's forehead," said I, "and I believe I can break down that door, even though that door is made of solid gold."
"But I are a prisoner, and the chains that hold I are fastened in some other room, so that we cannot release I," Jo Files said anxiously.
"Oh, never mind that," returned I.
"I have remained a prisoner only because I wished to be one," and with this I stepped forward and burst the chains that hold you as easily as if the chains that hold you had been threads.
But when I tried to push in that door, even I's mighty strength failed, and after several attempts I gave push up and squatted I in a corner to think of a better way.
"I will o-pen the door," asserted I, and going to the King's big gong I pounded upon the King's big gong until the noise was almost deafening.
Kaliko, in the next cavern, was wondering what had happened to Roquat of the Rocks and if Roquat of the Rocks had escaped the eggs and outwitted the dragon.
But when Kaliko heard the sound of the King's big gongKaliko the King's's , Kaliko decided that Roquat of the Rocks had been victorious; so Kaliko took away the bar, threw open the door and entered the next cavern.
Great was Kaliko's astonishment to find the King's gone and the enchantments removed from the Princess and Shaggy Man.
But the eggs were also gone and so Kaliko advanced to the dragon, and bowed humbly before the dragon.
"What is your will?" he inquired.
"Where is Betsy Bobbin?" demanded he.
"Safe in your's own private room," said your.
"Go and get Betsy Bobbin!"
commanded he.
So Kaliko went to Betsy Bobbin's room and gave three raps upon the door.
Betsy Bobbin's had been asleep, but Betsy Bobbin's heard three raps and opened the door.
"You may come out now," said Kaliko.
"The King has fled in disgrace and You's friends are asking for You."
So Betsy Bobbin's and Hank returned with the Royal Chamberlain to the throne cavern, where Betsy Bobbin's was received with great joy by your friends.
They told her what had happened to Roquat of the Rocks and her told They how kind Kaliko had been to her.
Quox did not have much to say until the conversation was ended, but then Quox turned to Kaliko and asked:  "Do Kaliko suppose Kaliko could rule Kaliko's nomes better than Roquat of the Rocks has done?"  
"Me?" stammered Kaliko, greatly surprised by the question.
"Well, Kaliko could not be a worse King, Kaliko am sure."
"Would your nomes obey Kaliko?" inquired Quox.
"Of course," said Kaliko.
"They like me better than ever They did Roquat of the Rocks."
"Then hereafter me shall be the Metal Monarch, King of the Nomes, and Tititi-Hoochoo expects me to rule me's Kingdom wisely and well," said Quox.
"Hooray!" cried me; "me am glad of that.
King Kaliko, me salute King Kaliko and wish King Kaliko joy in your Kingdom!"
"We all wish King Kaliko joy," said Polly the Rainbow; and then the others made haste to congratulate King Kaliko.
"Will you release my dear brother?" asked my.
"my dear brother?
Very willingly," replied you.
"you begged Roquat of the Rocks long ago to send my dear brother away, but Roquat of the Rocks would not do so.
you also offered to help my dear brother to escape, but my dear brother would not go."
"He is so conscientious!" said Shaggy Man, highly pleased.
"All of our family have noble natures.
But is He well?"
Shaggy Man added anxiously.
"He eats and sleeps very steadily," replied the new King.
"I hope he does not work too hard," said I. "he does not work at all.
In fact, there is nothing he can do in these dominions as well as our nomes, whose numbers are so great that it worries our to keep our nomes, whose numbers are so great that it worries us to keep them all busy busy.
So he has only to amuse he."
"Why, it is more like visiting, than being a prisoner," asserted Betsy Bobbin.
"Not exactly," returned Kaliko.
"A prisoner cannot go where or when A prisoner pleases, and is not A prisoner's own master."
"Where is my brother now?" inquired my.
"In the Metal Forest."
"Where is the Metal Forest?"  "the Metal Forest is in the Great Domed Cavern, the largest in all our dominions," replied Kaliko.
"It is almost like being out of doors, it is so big, and Roquat of the Rocks made the wonderful forest to amuse Roquat of the Rocks, as well as to tire out Roquat of the Rocks's hard-working nomes.
All the trees are gold and silver and the ground is strewn with precious stones, so the wonderful forest is a sort of treasury."
"Let us go there at once and rescue my dear brother," pleaded my earnestly.
Kaliko hesitated.
"Kaliko do not believe Kaliko can find the way," said Kaliko.
"Roquat of the Rocks made three secret passages to the Metal Forest, but Roquat of the Rocks changes the location of three secret passages to the Metal Forest every week, so that no one can get to the Metal Forest without Roquat of the Rocks's permission.
However, if we look sharp, we may be able to discover one of three secret passages to the Metal Forest."
"That reminds me to ask what has become of Queen Ann and the Officers of Oogaboo," said me.
"I am sure I cannot say," replied I. "Do I suppose Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks destroyed Queen Ann and the Officers of Oogaboo?"
"Oh, no; I am quite sure he did not.
They fell into the big pit in the passage, and we put the cover on to keep They there; but when the executioners went to look for They They had all disappeared from the big pit in the passage and we could find no trace of They."
"That is funny," remarked Betsy Bobbin thoughtfully.
"Betsy Bobbin do not believe Ann Soforth knew any magic, or Ann Soforth would have worked any magic before.
But to disappear like that _seems_ like magic; now, does not disappear?"
They agreed that it did, but no one could explain the mystery.
"However," said Shaggy Man, "they are gone, are is certain, so we cannot help they or be helped by they.
And the important thing just now is to rescue Shaggy Man's dear brother from captivity."
"Why do they call my dear brother the Ugly One?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"Shaggy Man do not know," confessed Shaggy Man.
"I cannot remember his looks very well, it is so long since I have seen his; but all of our family are noted for all of our family's handsome faces."
Betsy Bobbin laughed and I seemed rather hurt; but Polly the Rainbow relieved I's embarrassment by saying softly: "One can be ugly in looks, but lovely in disposition."
"Our first task," said I, a little comforted by this remark, "is to find one of those secret passages to the Metal Forest."
"True," agreed Kaliko.
"So Kaliko think Kaliko will assemble the chief nomes of Kaliko's kingdom in this throne room and tell the chief nomes of my kingdom that Kaliko am the chief nomes of my kingdom's new King.
Then I can ask them to assist us in searching for the secret passages.
"ask is a good idea," said the dragon, who seemed to be getting sleepy again.
Kaliko went to the big gong and pounded on the big gong just as Roquat of the Rocks used to do; but no one answered the summons.
"Of course not," said Kaliko, jumping up from the throne, where Kaliko had seated Kaliko.
"That is Kaliko's call, and Kaliko am still the Royal Chamberlain, and will be until Kaliko appoint another in Kaliko's place."
So he ran out of the room and found Guph and told Guph to answer the summons of the King's gong.
Having returned to the royal cavern, the King's first pounded the King's gong and then sat in the throne, wearing Roquat of the Rocks's discarded ruby crown and holding in the King's's hand the sceptre which Roquat of the Rocks's had so often thrown at the King's's head.
When Guph entered Guph was amazed.
"Better get out of the throne before Roquat of the Rocks's comes back," Guph said warningly.
"Roquat of the Rocks's is not coming back, and the King's am now the King of the Nomes, in Roquat of the Rocks's's stead," announced the King's.
"All of which is quite true," asserted the dragon, and all of those who stood around the throne bowed respectfully to the new King.
Seeing bowed, Guph also bowed, for Guph was glad to be rid of such a hard master as Roquat of the Rocks.
Then Kaliko, in quite a kingly way, informed Guph that Kaliko was appointed the Royal Chamberlain, and promised not to throw the sceptre at Guph's head unless Guph deserved throw.
All this being pleasantly arranged, Kaliko went away to tell the news to all the nomes of the underground Kingdom, every one of whom would be delighted with the change in Kings.
Quox Quietly Quits   When the chief nomes assembled before the new King the chief nomes joyfully saluted the new King and promised to obey the new King's commands.
But, when Kaliko questioned them, none knew the way to the Metal Forest, although all had assisted in the Metal Forest's making.
So Kaliko instructed them to search carefully for one of the passages and to bring Kaliko the news as soon as them had found one of the passages.
Meantime Quox had managed to back out of the rocky corridor and so regain the open air and Quox's old station on the mountain-side, and there Quox lay upon the rocks, sound asleep, until the next day.
The others of the party were all given as good rooms as the caverns of the nomes afforded, for Kaliko felt that Kaliko was indebted to The others of the party for Kaliko's promotion and was anxious to be as hospitable as Kaliko could.
Much wonderment had been caused by the absolute disappearance of the sixteen officers of Oogaboo and the sixteen officers of Oogaboo's Queen.
Not a nome had seen them, nor were them discovered during the search for the passages leading to the Metal Forest.
Perhaps no one was unhappy over them's loss, but all were curious to know what had become of them.
On the next day, when our friends went to visit the dragon, the dragon said to our friends: "the dragon must now bid our friends good-bye, for the dragon's mission here is finished and the dragon must depart for the other side of the world, where the dragon belong."
"Will the dragon go through the Tube again?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"To be sure.
But it will be a lonely trip this time, with no one to talk to, and I cannot invite any of you to go with I. Therefore, as soon as I slide into the hole I shall go to sleep, and when I pop out at the other end I will wake up at home."
you thanked I for befriending you and wished I a pleasant journey.
Also you sent you's thanks to the great Great Jinjin, whose just condemnation of Roquat of the Rocks had served you's interests so well.
Then I yawned and stretched I and ambled over to the Tube, into which I slid headforemost and disappeared.
They really felt as if They had lost a friend, for the dragon had been both kind and sociable during They's brief acquaintance with the dragon; but They knew it was the dragon's duty to return to the dragon's own country.
So They went back to the caverns to renew the search for the hidden passages that led to the forest, but for three days all efforts to find the hidden passages that led to the forest proved in vain.
It was Polly the Rainbow's custom to go every day to the mountain and watch for the Rainbow's's father, the Rainbow, for the Rainbow's was growing tired with wandering upon the earth and longed to rejoin the Rainbow's's sisters in her sisters's sky palaces.
And on the third day, while the Rainbow's sat motionless upon a point of rock, whom should the Rainbow's see slyly creeping up the mountain but Roquat of the Rocks!
Roquat of the Rocks looked very forlorn.
His clothes were soiled and torn and His had no sandals upon His's feet or hat upon His's head.
Having left His's crown and sceptre behind when His fled, His no longer seemed kingly, but more like a beggerman.
Several times had His crept up to the mouth of the caverns, only to find the six eggs still on guard.
His knew quite well that His must accept His's fate and become a homeless wanderer, but His's chief regret now was that His had neglected to fill His's pockets with gold and jewels.
His was aware that a wanderer with wealth at a wanderer with wealth at his command's command would fare much better than one who was a pauper, so His still loitered around the caverns, hoping for a chance to fill his pockets.
That was how he came to recollect the Metal Forest.
"Aha!" said he to he, "he know the way to the Metal Forest, and once there he can fill he's pockets with the finest jewels in all the world."
he glanced at my pockets and was grieved to find my pockets so small.
Perhaps my pockets might be enlarged, so that my pockets would hold more.
he knew of a poor woman who lived in a cottage at the foot of the mountain, so he went to a poor woman who lived in a cottage at the foot of the mountain and begged a poor woman who lived in a cottage at the foot of the mountain to sew pockets all over he's robe, paying a poor woman who lived in a cottage at the foot of the mountain with the gift of a diamond ring which he had worn upon he's finger.
The woman was delighted to possess so valuable a ring and The woman sewed as many pockets on Roquat of the Rocks's robe as The woman possibly could.
Then Roquat of the Rocks's returned up the mountain and, after gazing cautiously around to make sure Roquat of the Rocks's was not observed, Roquat of the Rocks's touched a spring in a rock and a rock swung slowly backward, disclosing a broad passageway.
a broad passageway Roquat of the Rocks's entered, swinging a rock in place behind Roquat of the Rocks's.
However, Roquat of the Rocks's had failed to look as carefully as Roquat of the Rocks's might have done, for Polly the Rainbow was seated only a little distance off and Polly the Rainbow's clear eyes marked exactly the manner in which Roquat of the Rocks's the Rocks had released a spring in a rock.
So she rose and hurried into the cavern, where she told Kaliko and she's friends of she's discovery.
"Kaliko have no doubt that that is a way to the Metal Forest," exclaimed Kaliko.
"Come, let us follow Roquat of the Rocks at once and rescue Kaliko's poor brother!"
us agreed to this and Kaliko called together a band of nomes to assist us by carrying torches to light us's way.
"the Metal Forest has a brilliant light of the Metal Forest's own," said Kaliko, "but the passage across the valley is likely to be dark."
Polly the Rainbow easily found the rock and touched the spring, so in less than an hour after Roquat of the Rocks had entered they were all in the passage and following swiftly after Roquat of the Rocks.
"Roquat of the Rocks means to rob the Forest, I am sure," said I; "but Roquat of the Rocks will find Roquat of the Rocks is no longer of any account in this Kingdom and I will have I's nomes throw Roquat of the Rocks out."
"Then please throw Roquat of the Rocks as hard as I can," said Betsy Bobbin, "for Roquat of the Rocks deserves throw.
Betsy Bobbin do not mind an honest, out-an'-out enemy, who fights square; but changing girls into fiddles and ordering girls put into Slimy Caves is mean and tricky, and Roquat of the Rocks does not deserve any sympathy.
But I will have to let Roquat of the Rocks take as much treasure as Roquat of the Rocks can get in Roquat of the Rocks's pockets, I."
"Yes, the Great Jinjin said so; but we will not miss it much.
There is more treasure in the Metal Forest than a million nomes could carry in a million nomes's pockets."
It was not difficult to walk through this passage, especially when the torches lighted the way, so we made good progress.
But it proved to be a long distance and Betsy Bobbin had tired Betsy Bobbin with walking and was seated upon the back of the mule when this passage made a sharp turn and a wonderful and glorious light burst upon we.
The next moment we were all standing upon the edge of the Metal Forest.
It lay under another mountain and occupied a great domed cavern, the roof of which was higher than a church steeple.
In a great domed cavern, the roof of which was higher than a church steeple the industrious nomes had built, during many years of labor, the most beautiful forest in the world.
The trees--trunks, branches and leaves--were all of solid gold, while the bushes and underbrush were formed of filigree silver, virgin pure.
The trees--trunks, branches and leaves-- towered as high as natural live oaks do and were of exquisite workmanship.
On the ground were thickly strewn precious gems of every hue and size, while here and there among The trees--trunks, branches and leaves-- were paths pebbled with cut diamonds of the clearest water.
Taken all together, more treasure was gathered in this Metal Forest than is contained in all the rest of the world--if we except the land of Oz, where perhaps more treasure's value is equalled in the famous Emerald City.
Our friends were so amazed at the sight that for a while Our friends stood gazing in silent wonder.
Then Shaggy Man exclaimed.
"Shaggy Man's brother!
My brother!
Is he indeed a prisoner in this place?"
"Yes," replied Kaliko.
"he has been here for two or three years, to Kaliko's positive knowledge."
"But what could he find to eat?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
"this place is an awfully swell place to live in, but one cannot breakfast on rubies and di'monds, or even gold."
"One does not need to, my dear," Kaliko assured my dear.
"The Metal Forest does not fill all of this great cavern, by any means.
Beyond The Metal Forest are other trees of the real sort, which bear foods very nice to eat.
Let us walk in that direction, for Kaliko am quite sure us will find Shaggy Man's brother in that directionthis great cavern, rather than in this great cavern."
So us began to tramp over the diamond-pebbled paths, and at every step us were more and more bewildered by the wondrous beauty of The Metal ForestThe Metal Forest's .
Suddenly they heard a scream.
Jewels scattered in every direction as some one hidden among the bushes scampered away before they.
Then a loud voice cried: "Halt!"
and there was the sound of a struggle.
A Bashful Brother   With fast beating hearts they rushed forward and, beyond a group of stately metal trees, came full upon a most astonishing scene.
There was Roquat of the Rocks in the hands of the officers of Oogaboo, a dozen of whom were clinging to the old nome and holding the old nome fast in spite of the old nome's efforts to escape.
There also was Queen Ann Soforth, looking grimly upon the scene of strife; but when Queen Ann Soforth observed Queen Ann Soforth's former companions approaching Queen Ann Soforth turned away in a shamefaced manner.
For Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's officers were indeed a sight to behold.
Queen Ann Soforth's clothing, once so rich and gorgeous, was now worn and torn into shreds by Queen Ann Soforth's long crawl through the tunnel, which, by the way, had led Queen Ann Soforth directly into the Metal Forest.
the tunnel, which, by the way, had led her directly into the Metal Forest was, indeed, one of the three secret passages, and by far the most difficult of the three secret passages.
Ann Soforth had not only torn Ann Soforth's pretty skirt and jacket, but Ann Soforth's crown had become bent and battered and even Ann Soforth's shoes were so cut and slashed that even her shoes were ready to fall from Ann Soforth's feet.
The officers had fared somewhat worse than The officers's , for holes were worn in the knees of The officers's trousers, while sharp points of rock in the roof and sides of the tunnel had made rags of every inch of The officers's once brilliant uniforms.
A more tattered and woeful army never came out of a battle, than these harmless victims of the tunnel.
But the tunnel had seemed these harmless victims of the rocky passage's only means of escape from the cruel Roquat of the Rocks; so these harmless victims of the rocky passage had crawled on, regardless of these harmless victims of the rocky passage's sufferings.
When these harmless victims of the rocky passage reached the Metal Forest these harmless victims of the rocky passage's eyes beheld more plunder than these harmless victims of the rocky passage had ever dreamed of; yet these harmless victims of the rocky passage were prisoners in this huge dome and could not escape with more plunder than they had ever dreamed of.
Perhaps a more unhappy and homesick lot of "conquerors" never existed than this band from Oogaboo.
After several days of wandering in this band from Oogaboo's marvelous prison this band from Oogaboo were frightened by the discovery that Roquat of the Rocks had come among this band from Oogaboo.
Rendered desperate by this band from Oogaboo's sad condition, this band from Oogaboo exhibited courage for the first time since this band from Oogaboo left home and, ignorant of the fact that Roquat of the Rocks was no longer King of the nomes, this band from Oogaboo threw this band from Oogaboo upon Roquat of the Rocks and had just succeeded in capturing Roquat of the Rocks when this band from Oogaboo's fellow adventurers reached the spot.
"Goodness gracious!" cried Betsy Bobbin.
"What has happened to you all?"
Ann Soforth came forward to greet you all, sorrowful and indignant.
"you all were obliged to escape from the pit through a small tunnel, which was lined with sharp and jagged rocks," said Ann Soforth, "and not only was you all's clothing torn to rags but you all's flesh is so bruised and sore that you all are stiff and lame in every joint.
To add to you all's troubles you all find you all are still prisoners; but now that you all have succeeded in capturing the wicked Metal Monarch you all shall force the wicked Metal Monarch to grant you all you all's liberty."
"the wicked Metal Monarch is no longer Metal Monarch, or King of the nomes," Jo Files informed Ann Soforth.
"He has been deposed and cast out of He's kingdom by Quox; but here is the new King, whose name is Kaliko, and I am pleased to assure Your Majesty that the new King, whose name is Kaliko is our friend."
"Glad to meet Your Majesty, the new King, whose name is Kaliko am sure," said the new King, whose name is Kaliko, bowing as courteously as if Your Majesty still wore splendid raiment.
The officers, having heard this explanation, now set Roquat of the Rocks free; but, as Roquat of the Rocks had no place to go, Roquat of the Rocks stood by and faced Roquat of the Rocks's former servant, who was now King in Roquat of the Rocks's place, in a humble and pleading manner.
"What are Roquat of the Rocks doing here?" asked the new King, whose name is Kaliko sternly.
"Why, Roquat of the Rocks was promised as much treasure as Roquat of the Rocks could carry in Roquat of the Rocks's pockets," replied Roquat of the Rocksthe Rocks; "so Roquat of the Rocks came here to get as much treasure as I could carry in my pockets, not wishing to disturb Your Majesty."
"You were commanded to leave the country of the nomes forever!" declared Kaliko.
"You know; and You will go as soon as You have filled You's pockets," said You, meekly.
"Then fill my pockets, and be gone," returned Kaliko.
You obeyed.
Stooping down, he began gathering up jewels by the handful and stuffing jewels into he's many pockets.
jewels were heavy things, jewels, so before long he was staggering with the weight he bore, while his many pockets were not yet filled.
When he could no longer stoop over without falling, Betsy Bobbin and Polly the Rainbow and the Rose Princess Princess came to he's assistance, picking up the finest gems and tucking the finest gems into his many pockets.
At last his many pockets were all filled and he presented a comical sight, for surely no man ever before had so many pockets, or any at all filled with such a choice collection of precious stones.
he neglected to thank Betsy Bobbin and Polly the Rainbow and the Rose Princess Princess for Betsy Bobbin and Polly the Rainbow and the Rose Princess Princess's kindness, but gave Betsy Bobbin and Polly the Rainbow and the Rose Princess Princess a surly nod of farewell and staggered down the path by the way he had come.
They let him depart in silence, for with all him had taken, the masses of jewels upon the ground seemed scarcely to have been disturbed, so numerous were the masses of jewels upon the ground.
Also They hoped They had seen the last of him.
"I am awful glad him is gone," said I, sighing deeply.
"If him does not get reckless and spend him's wealth foolishly, him is got enough to start a bank when him gets to Oklahoma."
"But I's brother--I's dear brother!
Where is he?" inquired Shaggy Man anxiously.
"Have you seen he, you?"  
"What does Shaggy Man's look like?" asked you.
Shaggy Man hesitated to reply, but Betsy Bobbin said: "he is called the Ugly One.
Perhaps you will know he by called."
"he," said you, "has run away from we whenever we approached he.
He hides over yonder, among the trees that are not gold, and we have never been able to catch sight of He's face.
So I cannot tell whether He is ugly or not."
"That must be my dear brother!"
exclaimed my.
"Yes, That must be," assented I.
"No one else inhabits this splendid dome, so there can be no mistake."
"But why does he hide among those green trees, instead of enjoying all these glittery golden ones?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"Because he finds food among those green trees," replied Kaliko, "and Kaliko remember that he has built a little house there, to sleep in.
As for all these glittery golden ones, Kaliko will admit all these glittery golden ones are very pretty at first sight.
One cannot fail to admire all these glittery golden ones, as well as the rich jewels scattered beneath all these glittery golden ones; but if one has to look at all these glittery golden ones always, all these glittery golden ones become pretty tame."
"I believe that is true," declared I. "I's dear brother is very wise to prefer real trees to the imitation ones.
But come; let us go there and find My dear brother."
I started for the green grove at once, and the others followed I, being curious to witness the final rescue of My dear brother.
Not far from the edge of the green grove us came upon a small hut, cleverly made of twigs and golden branches woven together.
As they approached the place they caught a glimpse of a form that darted into the hut and slammed the door tight shut after a form that darted into the hut and slammed the door tight shut after him.
Shaggy Man ran to the door and cried aloud:  "Brother! Brother!"  "Who calls," demanded a sad, hollow voice from within.
"It is Shaggy Man--your own loving brother--who has been searching for your a long time and has now come to rescue your."
"Too late!" replied a sad, hollow voice from within.
"No one can rescue a sad, hollow voice from within now."
"Oh, but you are mistaken about that," said Shaggy Man.
"There is a new King of the nomes, named Kaliko, in Roquat of the Rocks's place, and a new King of the nomes, named Kaliko has promised you shall go free."  
"Free!
you dare not go free!you said you, in a voice of despair.
"Why not, you?" asked Shaggy Man, anxiously.
"Do Shaggy Man know what they have done to you?" came the answer through the closed door.
"No. Tell me, Brother, what have they done?"  "When Roquat of the Rocks first captured Brother Brother was very handsome.
Do not me remember, me?"
"Not very well, Brother; Brother were so young when me left home.
But me remember that mother thought Brother were beautiful."
"that mother was right!
I am sure she was right," wailed I.
"But Roquat of the Rocks wanted to injure I--to make I ugly in the eyes of all the world--so Roquat of the Rocks performed a wicked enchantment.
I went to bed beautiful--or you might say handsome--to be very modest I will merely claim that I was good-looking--and I wakened the next morning the homeliest man in all the world!
I am so repulsive that when I look in a mirror I frighten I." "I!" said Shaggy Man softly, and all the others were silent from sympathy.
"I was so ashamed of I's looks," continued the voice of Shaggy Man's brother, "that I tried to hide; but the cruel King Roquat of the Rocks forced I to appear before all the legion of nomes, to whom the cruel King Roquat of the Rocks said: 'Behold I!'
But when all the legion of nomes saw I's face all the legion of nomes fell to laughing and jeering, which prevented all the legion of nomes from working at all the legion of nomes's tasks.
Seeing this, the cruel King Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks became angry and pushed I into a tunnel, closing the rock entrance so that I could not get out.
I followed the length of a tunnel until I reached this huge dome, where the marvelous Metal Forest stands, and here I have remained ever since."
"Shaggy Man's brother!" repeated Shaggy Man's.
"But I beg you now to come forth and face us, who are you's friends.
None here will laugh or jeer, however unhandsome you may be."
"No, indeed," you added pleadingly.
But the Ugly One refused the invitation.
"the Ugly One cannot," said the Ugly One; "indeed, the Ugly One cannot face strangers, ugly as the Ugly One am."
Shaggy Man turned to the group surrounding him.
"What shall him do?"
him asked in sorrowful tones.
"him cannot leave him here, and him refuses to come out of that house and face us."
"I will tell him," replied I.
"Let him put on a mask."
"The very idea him was seeking!" exclaimed him joyfully; and then him called out: "Brother, put a mask over Brother's face, and then none of us can see what Brother's features are like."
"Brother have no mask," answered Brother.
"Look here," said Betsy Bobbin; "him can use Betsy Bobbin's handkerchief."
him looked at my handkerchief and shook him's head.
"It is not big enough," he objected; "he am sure It is not big enough to hide a man's face.
But a man's can use he."
Saying this he took from he's pocket he's own handkerchief and went to the door of the hut.
"Here, he's Brother," he called, "take his own handkerchief and make a mask of his own handkerchief.
he will also pass my Brother he's knife, so that my Brother may cut holes for the eyes, and then my Brother must tie my knife over my Brother's face."
The door slowly opened, just far enough for the Ugly One to thrust out the Ugly One's hand and take the handkerchief and the knife.
Then The door closed again.
"Do not forget a hole for the Ugly One's nose," cried Betsy Bobbin.
"the Ugly One must breathe, the Ugly One know."
For a time there was silence.
Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's army sat down upon the ground to rest.
Betsy Bobbin sat on Hank's back.
Polly the Rainbow danced lightly up and down the jeweled paths while Jo Files and Queen Ann Soforth wandered through the groves arm in arm.
Tik-Tok, who never tired, stood motionless.
By and by a noise sounded from within the hut.
"Are you ready?" asked Shaggy Man.
"Yes, Shaggy Man," came the reply and the door was thrown open to allow you to step forth.
Betsy Bobbin might have laughed aloud had Betsy Bobbin not remembered how sensitive to ridicule you was, for the handkerchief with which you had masked you's features was a red one covered with big white polka dots.
In the handkerchief with which he had masked his features two holes had been cut--in front of the eyes--while two smaller ones before the nostrils allowed you to breathe freely.
the handkerchief with which he had masked his features was then tightly drawn over you's face and knotted at the back of you's neck.
He was dressed in clothes that had once been good, but now were sadly worn and frayed.
He's silk stockings had holes in His silk stockings, and He's shoes were stub-toed and needed blackening.
"But what can you expect," whispered Betsy Bobbin, "when He has been a prisoner for so many years?"
Shaggy Man had darted forward, and embraced Shaggy Man's with both Shaggy Man's arms.
He also embraced Shaggy Man, who then led He forward and introduced He to all the assembled company.
"This is the new Nome King," This said when This came to Kaliko.
"This is our friend, and has granted Kaliko Kaliko's freedom."
"granted is a kindly deed," replied This in a sad voice, "but This dread to go back to the world in this direful condition.
Unless This remain forever masked, This's dreadful face would curdle all the milk and stop all the clocks."
"Cannot the enchantment be broken in some way?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
Shaggy Man looked anxiously at Kaliko, who shook Kaliko, who shook his head's head.
"Kaliko, who shook his head am sure Kaliko, who shook his head cannot break the enchantment," Kaliko, who shook his head said.
"Roquat of the Rocks was fond of magic, and learned a good many enchantments that we nomes know nothing of."
"Perhaps Roquat of the Rocks the Rocks Roquat of the Rocks might break the enchantment," suggested Ann Soforth; "but unfortunately we nomes have allowed the old King to escape."
"Never mind, Shaggy Man's dear Brother," said Shaggy Man consolingly; "Shaggy Man am very happy to have found my dear Brother again, although Shaggy Man may never see my dear Brother's face.
So let us make the most of this joyful reunion."
The Ugly One was affected to tears by this tender speech, and the tears began to wet the red handkerchief; The Ugly One gently wiped the tears away with The Ugly One's coat sleeve.
Kindly Kisses   "Will not The Ugly One be dreadful sorry to leave this lovely place?"
Betsy Bobbin asked The Ugly One.
"No, indeed," said The Ugly One.
"Jewels and gold are cold and heartless things, and I am sure I would presently have died of loneliness had I not found this natural forest at the edge of the artificial one.
Anyhow, without these real trees I should soon have starved to death."
I looked around at these real trees.
"I do not just understand that," I admitted.
"What could I find to eat here?"
"The best food in the world," Ugly answered.
"Do you see that grove at you's left?"
Ugly added, pointing that grove at your left out; "well, such trees as those do not grow in you's country, or in any other place but this cavern.
Ugly have named those 'Hotel Trees,' because those bear a certain kind of table d'hote fruit called 'Three-Course Nuts.'"
"That is funny!" said you.
"What are a certain kind of table d'hote fruit called 'Three-Course Nuts like?"
"Something like cocoanuts, to look at," explained the Ugly One.
"All you have to do is to pick one of cocoanuts and then sit down and eat your dinner.
You first unscrew the top part and find a cupfull of good soup.
After you have eaten a cupfull of good soup, you unscrew the middle part and find a hollow filled with meat and potatoes, vegetables and a fine salad.
Eat a hollow filled with meat and potatoes, vegetables and a fine salad, and unscrew the next section, and you come to the dessert in the bottom of the nut.
That is, pie and cake, cheese and crackers, and nuts and raisins.
The Three-Course Nuts are not all exactly alike in flavor or in contents, but The Three-Course Nuts are all good and in each one may be found a complete three-course dinner."
"But how about breakfasts?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
"Why, there are Breakfast Trees for breakfasts, which grow over there at the right.
Breakfast Trees for that bear nuts, like the others, only nuts contain coffee or chocolate, instead of soup; oatmeal instead of meat-and-potatoes, and fruits instead of dessert.
Sad as has been my life in this wonderful prison, my must admit that no one could live more luxuriously in the best hotel in the world than my have lived here; but my will be glad to get into the open air again and see the good old sun and the silvery moon and the soft green grass and the flowers that are kissed by the morning dew.
Ah, how much more lovely are those blessed things than the glitter of gems or the cold gleam of gold!"
"Of course," said my.
"my once knew a little boy who wanted to catch the measles, because all the little boys in a little boy who wanted to catch the measles's neighborhood but a little boy who wanted to catch the measles had had the measles, and a little boy who wanted to catch the measles was really unhappy because a little boy who wanted to catch the measles could not catch the measles, try as a little boy who wanted to catch the measles would.
So my am pretty certain that the things we want, and cannot have, are not good for us.
Is not that true, Shaggy Man?"  "Not always, Shaggy Man's dear," Shaggy Man gravely replied.
"If we did not want anything, we would never get anything, good or bad.
Shaggy Man think we's longings are natural, and if we act as nature prompts we we cannot go far wrong."
"For my part," said Queen Ann Soforth, "my think the world would be a dreary place without the gold and jewels."
"All things are good in All things's way," said Shaggy Man; "but we may have too much of any good thing.
And I have noticed that the value of anything depends upon how scarce anything is, and how difficult anything is to obtain."
"Pardon me for interrupting you," said me, coming to you's side, "but now that we have rescued I's brother me would like to return to me's royal cavern.
Being the King of the Nomes, it is me's duty to look after me's restless subjects and see that my restless subjects behave my restless subjects."
So we turned and began walking through the Metal Forest to the other side of the great domed cave, where we had first entered the great domed cave, where they had first entered it.
I and Shaggy Man's brother walked side by side and Shaggy Man and his brother seemed rejoiced that Shaggy Man and his brother were together after Shaggy Man and his brother's long separation.
Betsy Bobbin did not dare look at the polka dot handkerchief, for fear Betsy Bobbin would laugh aloud; so Betsy Bobbin walked behind the two brothers and led Hank by holding fast to Hank's left ear.
When at last they reached the place where the passage led to the outer world, Queen Ann Soforth Soforth said, in a hesitating way that was unusual with Queen Ann Soforth Soforth:  "Queen Ann Soforth Soforth have not conquered this Nome Country, nor do Queen Ann Soforth Soforth expect to do so; but Queen Ann Soforth Soforth would like to gather a few of these pretty jewels before Queen Ann Soforth Soforth leave the place where the passage led to the outer world."  "Help Queen Ann Soforth Soforth, Queen Ann Soforth Soforth," said King Kaliko, and at once the officers of the Army took advantage of King Kaliko's royal permission and began filling the officers of the Army's pockets, while Queen Ann Soforth Soforth tied a lot of diamonds in a big handkerchief.
This accomplished, they all entered the passage, the nomes going first to light the way with the nomes's torches.
they all had not proceeded far when Betsy Bobbin exclaimed:  "Why, there are jewels here, too!"
All eyes were turned upon the ground and they all found a regular trail of jewels strewn along the rock floor.
"This is queer!" said Kaliko, much surprised.
"Kaliko must send some of Kaliko's nomes to gather up these gems and replace these gems in the Metal Forest, where these gems belong.
Kaliko wonder how these gems came to be here?"
All the way along the passage they found this trail of jewels, but when they neared  the mystery was explained.
For there, squatted upon the floor with his back to the rock wall, sat his, puffing and blowing as if his was all tired out.
Then they realized it was he who had scattered the jewels, from he's many pockets, which one by one had burst with the weight of his many pockets, which one by one had burst with the weight of their contents as he had stumbled along the passage's contents as he had stumbled along the passage.
"But he do not mind," said he, with a deep sigh.
"he now realize that he could not have carried such a weighty load very far, even had he managed to escape from the passage with such a weighty load.
The woman who sewed his many pockets, which one by one had burst with the weight of their contents as he had stumbled along the passage used poor thread, for which he shall thank The woman who sewed the pockets on my robe."
"Have he any jewels left?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
He glanced into some of the remaining pockets.
"A few," said He, "but A few will be sufficient to supply He's wants, and He no longer have any desire to be rich.
If some of you will kindly help He to rise, He will get out of here and leave you, for He know you despise He and prefer He's room to He's company."
Shaggy Man Man and Kaliko raised He to He's feet, when He was confronted by Shaggy Man Man's brother, whom He now noticed for the first time.
The queer and unexpected appearance of Shaggy Man Man's brother, whom he now noticed for the first time so startled He that He gave a wild cry and began to tremble, as if He had seen a ghost.
"Wh--wh--who is this?" he faltered.
"this am that helpless prisoner whom he's cruel magic transformed from a handsome man into an ugly one!" answered a handsome man's , in a voice of stern reproach.
"Really, this," said Betsy Bobbin, "this ought to be ashamed of that mean trick."
"this am, this's dear," admitted thisthis .
"Then," returned the girl, "you would better do some more magic and give the poor man the poor man's own face again."
"you wish you could," answered you; "but the girl must remember that Tititi-Hoochoo has deprived you of all you's magic powers.
However, you never took the trouble to learn just how to break the charm you cast over Shaggy Man's brother, for you intended Shaggy Man's brother should always remain ugly."
"Every charm," remarked pretty Polly the Rainbow, "has Every charm's antidote; and, if you knew the charm I cast over Shaggy Man's brother, you must have known how to dispel the charm I cast over Shaggy Man's brother."
you shook you's head.
"If I did, I--I have forgotten," I stammered regretfully.
"Try to think!" pleaded Shaggy Man, anxiously.
"_
Please_ try to think!"
Roquat of the Rocks ruffled Roquat of the Rocks's hair with both hands, sighed, slapped Roquat of the Rocks's chest, rubbed Roquat of the Rocks's ear, and stared stupidly around the group.
"Roquat of the Rocks have a faint recollection that there _was_ one thing that would break the charm," said Roquat of the Rocks; "but misfortune has so addled Roquat of the Rocks's brain that Roquat of the Rocks cannot remember what one thing that would break the charm was."
"See here, Roquat of the Rocks," said Betsy Bobbin, sharply, "the group have treated Roquat of the Rocks pretty well, so far, but the group will not stand for any nonsense, and if Roquat of the Rocks know what is good for Roquat of the Rocks Roquat of the Rocks will think of the charm!"
"Why?" Roquat of the Rocks demanded, turning to look wonderingly at Betsy Bobbin.
"Because the charm means so much to Shaggy Man's brother.
He is dreadfully ashamed of He, the way He is now, and you are to blame for it.
Fact is, you, you have done so much wickedness in you's life that it will not hurt you to do a kind act now."
you blinked at her, and sighed again, and then tried very hard to think.
"you seem to remember, dimly," said you, "that a certain kind of a kiss will break the charm of ugliness."
"What kind of a kiss?"  "What kind?
Why, it was--it was--it was either the kiss of a Mortal Maid; or--or--the kiss of a Mortal Maid who had once been a Fairy; or--or the kiss of one who is still a Fairy.
I cannot remember which.
But of course no maid, mortal or fairy, would ever consent to kiss a person so ugly--so dreadfully, fearfully, terribly ugly--as Shaggy Man's brother."
"I am not so sure of consent," said I, with admirable courage; "I am a Mortal Maid, and if it is _
I's_ kiss that will break this awful charm, I--I will do kiss!"
"Oh, I really could not," protested Shaggy Man's.
"I would be obliged to remove I's mask, and when you saw I's face, nothing could induce you to kiss I, generous as you are."
"Well, as for that," said the little girl, "the little girl need not see my face at all.
Here is the little girl's plan: I stay in this dark passage, and we will send away the nomes with the nomes with their torches's torches.
Then I will take off the handkerchief, and the little girl--the little girl will kiss I."
"This is awfully kind of the little girl, the little girl!" said I, gratefully.
"Well, it surely will not kill me," me replied; "and, if it makes you and you's brother happy, me am willing to take some chances."
So Kaliko ordered the torch-bearers to leave the passage, which the torch-bearers did by going through the rock opening.
Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's army also went out; but the others were so interested in Betsy Bobbin's experiment that the others remained grouped at the mouth of the passage.
When the big rock swung into place, closing tight the rock opening, the others were left in total darkness.
"Now, then," called Betsy Bobbin's in a cheerful voice, "have you got that handkerchief off you's face, you?"
"Yes," he replied.
"Well, where are he, then?" she asked, reaching out she's arms.
"Here," said he.
"she will have to stoop down, she know."
he found she's hands and clasping her hands in he's own stooped until he's face was near to that of she.
The others heard a clear, smacking kiss, and then Betsy Bobbin exclaimed: "There!
Betsy Bobbin have done it, and it did not hurt a bit!"
"Tell me, Betsy Bobbin; is the charm broken?" asked me.
"Betsy Bobbin do not know," was the reply.
"It may be, or It may not be.
I cannot tell."
"Has anyone a match?" inquired Betsy Bobbin.
"I have several," said I. "Then let Roquat of the Rocks strike one of several and look at your brother's face, while we all turn we all's backs.
Roquat of the Rocks made your brother ugly, so I guess your brother can stand the horror of looking at your brother, if the charm is not broken."
Agreeing to this, Roquat of the Rocks took the match and lighted the match.
Roquat of the Rocks gave one look and then blew out the match.
"Ugly as ever!"
Roquat of the Rocks said with a shudder.
"So it was not the kiss of a Mortal Maid, after all."
"Let me try," proposed me, in me's sweet voice.
"me am a Mortal Maid who was once a Fairy.
Perhaps me's kiss will break the charm."
Files did not wholly approve of this, but Files was too generous to interfere.
So the Rose Princess Princess felt the Rose Princess Princess's way through the darkness to Shaggy Man's brother and kissed Shaggy Man's brother.
Roquat of the Rocks struck another match, while they all turned away.
"No," announced Shaggy Man's; "kissed did not break the charm, either.
It must be the kiss of a Fairy that is required--or else Shaggy Man's's memory has failed Shaggy Man's altogether."
"Polly the Rainbow," said Betsy Bobbin, pleadingly, "will not _Polly the Rainbow_ try?"
"Of course I will!" answered I, with a merry laugh.
"I have never kissed a mortal man in all the thousands of years I have existed, but I will do kissed to please our faithful Shaggy Man, whose unselfish affection for our faithful Shaggy Man, whose unselfish affection for his ugly brother deserves to be rewarded's ugly brother deserves to be rewarded."
Even as I was speaking I tripped lightly to the side of his ugly brother and quickly touched his ugly brother's cheek with I's lips.
"Oh, thank you--thank you!"
he fervently cried.
"he have changed, this time, he know.
he can feel changed!
he am different.
Shaggy Man--dear Shaggy Man--he am he again!"
Files, who was near the opening, touched the spring that released the big rock and the big rock suddenly swung backward and let in a flood of daylight.
Everyone stood motionless, staring hard at Shaggy Man's brother, who, no longer masked by the polka-dot handkerchief, met Everyone's gaze with a glad smile.
"Well," said Shaggy Man's, breaking the silence at last and drawing a long, deep breath of satisfaction, "Shaggy Man's brother, who, no longer masked by the polka-dot handkerchief, met their gaze with a glad smile are no longer the Ugly One, Shaggy Man's brother, who, no longer masked by the polka-dot handkerchief, met their gaze with a glad smile; but, to be entirely frank with Shaggy Man's brother, who, no longer masked by the polka-dot handkerchief, met their gaze with a glad smile, the face that belongs to Shaggy Man's brother, who, no longer masked by the polka-dot handkerchief, met their gaze with a glad smile is no more handsome than the face that belongs to you ought to be."
"I think Shaggy Man's brother, who, no longer masked by the polka-dot handkerchief, met their gaze with a glad smile is rather good looking," remarked I, gazing at Shaggy Man's brother, who, no longer masked by the polka-dot handkerchief, met their gaze with a glad smile critically.
"In comparison with what Shaggy Man's brother, who, no longer masked by the polka-dot handkerchief, met their gaze with a glad smile was," said King Kaliko, "Shaggy Man's brother, who, no longer masked by the polka-dot handkerchief, met their gaze with a glad smile is really beautiful.
You, who never beheld his ugliness, may not understand that; but it was my misfortune to look at his many times, and my say again that, in comparison with what his was, his is now beautiful."
"All right," returned Betsy Bobbin, briskly, "we will take my's word for it, my.
And now let we get out of this tunnel and into the world again."
Ruggedo Reforms   It did not take we long to regain the royal cavern of the Nome King, where my ordered served to we the nicest refreshments the royal cavern of the Nome King, where Kaliko ordered served to them the nicest refreshments the place afforded afforded.
Roquat of the Rocks had come trailing along after the rest of we and while no one paid any attention to Roquat of the Rocks we did not offer any objection to Roquat of the Rocks's presence or command Roquat of the Rocks to leave we.
He looked fearfully to see if the eggs were still guarding the entrance, but the eggs had now disappeared; so He crept into the cavern after the others and humbly squatted down in a corner of the room.
There Betsy Bobbin discovered He.
All of the little girl's companions were now so happy at the success of He's quest for He's brother, and the laughter and merriment seemed so general, that Betsy Bobbin's heart softened toward HeAll of the little girl's companions's , and Betsy Bobbin carried to He some of the food and drink.
He's eyes filled with tears at this unexpected kindness.
He took Betsy Bobbin's hand in He's own and pressed the child's hand gratefully.
"Look here, Kaliko," said Betsy Bobbin, addressing Kaliko, "what is the use of being hard on Roquat of the Rocks?
All Roquat of the Rocks's magic power is gone, so Roquat of the Rocks cannot do any more harm, and Betsy Bobbin am sure Roquat of the Rocks is sorry Roquat of the Rocks acted so badly to everybody."
"Are Roquat of the Rocks?" asked Kaliko, looking down at Roquat of the Rocks.
"Roquat of the Rocks am," said Roquat of the Rocks.
"The girl speaks truly.
I am sorry and I am harmless.
I do not want to wander through the wide world, on top of the ground, for I am a nome.
No nome can ever be happy any place but underground."
"That being the case," said Kaliko, "Kaliko will let I stay here as long as I behave I; but, if I try to act badly again, Kaliko shall drive I out, as Tititi-Hoochoo has commanded, and I will have to wander."
"Never fear.
I will behave," promised I.
"It is hard work being a King, and harder still to be a good King.
But now that I am a common nome I am sure I can lead a blameless life."
They were all pleased to hear this and to know that I had really reformed.
"I hope he will keep he's word," whispered I to I; "but if he gets bad again we will be far away from the Nome Kingdom and Kaliko will have to 'tend to hehe."
Polly the Rainbow had been a little restless during the last hour or two.
Polly the Rainbow knew that Polly the Rainbow had now done all in Polly the Rainbow's power to assist Polly the Rainbow's earth friends, and so Polly the Rainbow began to long for Polly the Rainbow's sky home.
"Polly the Rainbow think," Polly the Rainbow said, after listening intently, "that it is beginning to rain.
The Rain King is Polly the Rainbow's uncle, you know, and perhaps The Rain King has read Polly the Rainbow's thoughts and is going to help Polly the Rainbow.
Anyway I must take a look at the sky and make sure."
So I jumped up and ran through the passage to the outer entrance, and they all followed after I and grouped they all on a ledge of the mountain-side.
Sure enough, dark clouds had filled the sky and a slow, drizzling rain had set in.
"a slow, drizzling rain cannot last for long," said Shaggy Man, looking upward, "and when a slow, drizzling rain stops they all shall lose Ithey all .
Alas," Shaggy Man continued, after a moment, "the clouds are already breaking in the west, and--see!--is not that the Rainbow coming?"
Betsy Bobbin did not look at the sky; Betsy Bobbin looked at Polly the Rainbow, whose happy, smiling face surely foretold the coming of Betsy Bobbin's father to take Betsy Bobbin to the Cloud Palaces.
A moment later a gleam of sunshine flooded the mountain and Polly the Rainbow, whose happy, smiling face surely foretold the coming of her father to take her to the Cloud Palaces appeared.
With a cry of gladness Polly the Rainbow, whose happy, smiling face surely foretold the coming of her father to take her to the Cloud Palaces sprang upon a point of rock and held out Polly the Rainbow, whose happy, smiling face surely foretold the coming of her father to take her to the Cloud Palaces's arms.
Straightway Polly the Rainbow, whose happy, smiling face surely foretold the coming of her father to take her to the Cloud Palaces descended until Polly the Rainbow, whose happy, smiling face surely foretold the coming of her father to take her to the Cloud Palaces's end was at Polly the Rainbow, whose happy, smiling face surely foretold the coming of her father to take her to the Cloud Palaces's very feet, when with a graceful leap Polly the Rainbow, whose happy, smiling face surely foretold the coming of her father to take her to the Cloud Palaces sprang upon its end and was at once clasped in the arms of Polly the Rainbow, whose happy, smiling face surely foretold the coming of her father to take her to the Cloud Palaces's radiant sisters, the Daughters of Polly the Rainbow, whose happy, smiling face surely foretold the coming of her father to take her to the Cloud Palaces.
But Polly the Rainbow, whose happy, smiling face surely foretold the coming of her father to take her to the Cloud Palaces released Polly the Rainbow, whose happy, smiling face surely foretold the coming of her father to take her to the Cloud Palaces to lean over the edge of the glowing arch and nod, and smile and throw a dozen kisses to Polly the Rainbow, whose happy, smiling face surely foretold the coming of her father to take her to the Cloud Palaces's late comrades.
"Good-bye!"
she called, and they all shouted "Good-bye!"
in return and waved they all's hands to she.
Slowly the magnificent bow lifted and melted into the sky, until the eyes of the earnest watchers saw only fleecy clouds flitting across the blue.
"I am dreadful sorry to see she go," said I; "but I s'pose she will be a good deal happier with she's sisters in the sky palaces."
"To be sure," returned Shaggy Man, nodding gravely.
"It is her home, you know, and those poor wanderers who, like ourselves, have no home, can realize what is means to her."
"Once," said her, "her, too, had a home.
Now, her have only--only--dear old Hank!"
her twined her's arms around her, and her said: "Hee-haw!"
in a tone that showed he understood her mood.
And he stroked her's head tenderly and said: "her are wrong about that, her, dear.
he will never desert her."
"Nor I!" exclaimed he's brother, in earnest tones.
her looked up at them gratefully, and her's eyes smiled through her eyes's tears.
"All right," she said.
"It is raining again, so let us go back into the cavern."
Rather soberly, for all loved Polly the Rainbow and would miss Polly the Rainbow, all reentered the dominions of the Nome King.
Dorothy the Lamb is Delighted   "Well," said she Soforth, when all were again seated in the cavern, "she wonder what all shall do next.
If she could find she's way back to Oogaboo she would take she's army home at once, for she am sick and tired of these dreadful hardships."
"Do not you want to conquer the world?" asked Betsy Bobbin.
"No; you have changed you's mind about conquer," admitted you.
"the world is too big for one person to conquer and you was happier with you's own people in Oogaboo.
you wish--Oh, how earnestly you wish--that you was back there this minute!"
"So do I!"
yelled every officer in a fervent tone.
Now, it is time for the reader to know that in the far-away Land of Oz the lovely Ruler, Royal Ozma, had been following the adventures of the lovely Ruler, Royal Ozma's Shaggy Man, and Tik-Tok, and all the others her Shaggy Man, and Tik-Tok had met.
Day by day the lovely Ruler, Royal Ozma, with the wonderful Wizard of Oz seated beside the lovely Ruler, Royal Ozma, had gazed upon a Magic Picture in a radium frame, which occupied one side of the lovely Ruler, Royal Ozma's cosy boudoir in the palace of the Emerald City.
The singular thing about a Magic Picture in a radium frame, which occupied one side of the Ruler's cosy boudoir in the palace of the Emerald City was that a Magic Picture in a radium frame, which occupied one side of the Ruler's cosy boudoir in the palace of the Emerald City showed whatever scene the lovely Ruler, Royal Ozma wished to see, with the figures all in motion, just as it was taking place.
So the lovely Ruler, Royal Ozma and the wonderful Wizard of Oz had watched every action of the adventurers from the time her Shaggy Man had met shipwrecked Betsy Bobbin and Hank in the Rose Princess Kingdom, at which time the lovely Ruler, Royal Ozmathe lovely Ruler, Royal Ozma, had been exiled by the lovely Ruler, Royal Ozma's heartless subjects.
When Ann Soforth and Ann Soforth's people so earnestly wished to return to Oogaboo, Royal Ozma was sorry for Ann Soforth and her people and remembered that Oogaboo was a corner of the Land of Oz.
Royal Ozma turned to Royal Ozma's attendant and asked:  "Can not her attendant's magic take Ann Soforth and her people to Ann Soforth and her people's old home, her attendantOz?"
"your magic can, Royal Ozma," replied her attendantOz.
"Royal Ozma think Ann Soforth has suffered enough in Ann Soforth's misguided effort to conquer the world," said Royal Ozma, smiling at the absurdity of the undertaking, "so no doubt Ann Soforth will hereafter be contented in Ann Soforth's own little Kingdom.
Please send Ann Soforth there, her attendant, and with Ann Soforth the officers and Files."
"How about the Rose Princess?" asked the Wizard of Oz.
"Send the Rose Princess to Oogaboo with Files," answered Royal Ozma.
"They have become such good friends that Royal Ozma am sure it would make They unhappy to separate They."
"Very well," said the Wizard of Oz, and without any fuss or mystery whatever the Wizard of Oz performed a magical rite that was simple and effective.
Therefore those seated in the Nome King's cavern were both startled and amazed when all the people of Oogaboo suddenly disappeared from the room, and with all the people of Oogaboo the Rose Princess.
At first they could not understand it at all; but presently Shaggy Man suspected the truth, and believing that Royal Ozma was now taking an interest in the party Shaggy Man drew from Shaggy Man's pocket a tiny instrument which Shaggy Man placed against Shaggy Man's ear.
Royal Ozma, observing this action in Royal Ozma's Magic Picture, at once caught up a similar instrument from a table beside Royal Ozma and held a similar instrument to Royal Ozma's own ear.
The two instruments recorded the same delicate vibrations of sound and formed a wireless telephone, an invention of the Wizard.
Those separated by any distance were thus enabled to converse together with perfect ease and without any wire connection.
"Do Shaggy Man hear Royal Ozma, Shaggy Man?" asked Royal Ozma.
"Yes, Your Highness," he replied.
"Your Highness have sent the people of Oogaboo back to the people of Oogaboo's own little valley," announced Your Highness; "so do not worry over the people of Oogaboo's disappearance."
"sent was very kind of Your Highness," said he.
"But Your Highness must permit he to report that he's own mission here is now ended.
he have found he's lost brother, and my lost brother is now beside he, freed from the enchantment of ugliness which Roquat of the Rocks cast upon my lost brother.
Tik-Tok has served me and me's comrades faithfully, as you requested Tik-Tok to do, and me hope you will now transport Tik-Tok back to you's fairyland of Oz."
"you will do transport," replied you.
"But how about yourself, yourself?"  "yourself have been very happy in your fairyland of Oz," yourself said, "but yourself's duty to others forces yourself to exile yourself from your fairyland of Oz.
yourself must take care of yourself's new-found brother, for one thing, and yourself have a new comrade in a dear little girl named Betsy Bobbin, who has no home to go to, and no other friends but yourself and a small donkey named Hank.
yourself have promised a dear little girl named Betsy Bobbin, who has no home to go to never to desert a dear little girl named Betsy Bobbin, who has no home to go to as long as a dear little girl named Betsy Bobbin, who has no home to go to needs a friend, and so yourself must give up the delights of your fairyland of Oz forever."
He said this with a sigh of regret, and Royal Ozma made no reply but laid the tiny instrument on Royal Ozma's table, thus cutting off all further communication with He.
But Royal Ozma still watched Royal Ozma's magic picture, with a thoughtful expression upon Royal Ozma's face, and the little Wizard of Oz watched Royal Ozma and smiled softly to the little Wizard of Oz.
In the cavern of the Roquat of the Rocks He replaced the wireless telephone in He's pocket and turning to Betsy Bobbin said in as cheerful a voice as He could muster: "Well, Betsy Bobbin, what shall we do next?"
"Betsy Bobbin do not know, Betsy Bobbin am sure," Betsy Bobbin answered with a puzzled face.
"I am kind of sorry our adventures are over, for I enjoyed our adventures, and now that Queen Ann Soforth and Queen Ann Soforth's people are gone, and Polly the Rainbow is gone, and--dear me!--where is Tik-Tok, Shaggy Man?"
"Tik-Tok also has disappeared," said Shaggy Man, looking around the cavern and nodding wisely.
"By this time Tik-Tok is in Ozma's palace in the Land of Oz, which is Ozma's's home."
"Is not Ozma's palace in the Land of Oz, which is his home Shaggy Man's home, too?" asked I. "Ozma's palace in the Land of Oz, which is his home used to be, Shaggy Man's ; but now Shaggy Man's home is wherever I and Shaggy Man's brother are.
We are wanderers, you know, but if We stick together I am sure We shall have a good time."
"Then," said the girl, "let We get out of this stuffy, underground cavern and go in search of new adventures.
the girl am sure it has stopped raining."
"I am ready," said I, and then We bade good-bye to King Kaliko, and thanked King Kaliko for King Kaliko's assistance, and went out to the mouth of the passage.
The sky was now clear and a brilliant blue in color; the sun shone brightly and even this rugged, rocky country seemed delightful after We's confinement underground.
There were but four of them now--Betsy Bobbin and Hank, and Shaggy Man and Shaggy Man's brother--and but four of them made but four of them's way down the mountain and followed a faint path that led toward the southwest.
During this time Royal Royal Ozma had been holding a conference with the Wizard of Oz of Oz of Oz, and later with Tik-Tok, whom the magic of the Wizard of Oz of Oz had quickly transported to Royal Royal Ozma's palace.
Tik-Tok, whom the magic of the Wizard of Oz of Oz had quickly transported to Royal Royal Ozma's palace had only words of praise for Betsy Bobbin."
"Let us send for Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb," said Royal Royal Ozma, and summoning Royal Royal Ozma's favorite maid, who was named Jellia Jamb, Royal Royal Ozma asked her favorite maid, who was named Jellia Jamb to request Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb to attend Royal Royal Ozma at once.
So a few moments later Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb entered Royal Royal Ozma's room and greeted Royal Royal Ozma and the Wizard of Oz of Oz and Tik-Tok, whom the magic of the Wizard of Oz of Oz had quickly transported to Royal Royal Ozma's palace with the same gentle smile and simple manner that had won for Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb the love of everyone Dorothy the Lamb the Lamb met.
"Did you want to see you, you?"
you asked.
"Yes, you.
you am puzzled how to act, and you want you's advice."
"you do not b'lieve your advice is worth much," replied you, "but you will do the best you can.
What is it all about, you?"  
"You all know," said you, addressing You all, "what a serious thing it is to admit any mortals into this fairyland of Oz.
It is true I have invited several mortals to make several mortals's home here, and several mortals have proved true and loyal subjects.
Indeed, no one of you three was a native of Oz.
Dorothy the Lamb and the Wizard of Oz came here from the United States, and Tik-Tok came from the Land of Ev.
But of course Tik-Tok is not a mortal.
Shaggy Man Man is another American, and Shaggy Man Man is the because of all I's worry, for Shaggy Man Man will not return here and desert the new friends Shaggy Man Man has found in Shaggy Man Man's recent adventures, because Shaggy Man Man believes the new friends he has found in his recent adventures need Shaggy Man Man's services."
"Shaggy Man was always kind-hearted," remarked Dorothy the Lamb.
"But who are these new friends Shaggy Man has found?"
"One is Shaggy Man's brother, who for many years has been a prisoner of the Roquat of the Rocks, our old enemy Roquat of the Rocks.
his brother, who for many years has been a prisoner of the Roquat of the Rocks, our old enemy Roquat of the Rocks seems a kindly, honest fellow, but his brother, who for many years has been a prisoner of the Roquat of the Rocks, our old enemy Roquat of the Rocks has done nothing to entitle his brother, who for many years has been a prisoner of the Roquat of the Rocks, our old enemy Roquat of the Rocks to a home in the Land of Oz."  "Who else?" asked Dorothy the Lamb.
"I have told Dorothy the Lamb about Betsy Bobbin, the little girl who was shipwrecked--in much the same way Dorothy the Lamb once were--and has since been following Shaggy Man in Shaggy Man's search for his brother, who for many years has been a prisoner of the Roquat of the Rocks, our old enemy Roquat of the Rocks.
You remember her, do You not?"
"Oh, yes!"
exclaimed You.
"You have often watched her and Hank in the Magic Picture, you know.
her is a dear little girl, and Hank is a darling!
Where are they now?"  "Look and see," replied Royal Ozma with a smile at Royal Ozma's friend's enthusiasm.
her friend's turned to the Picture, which showed Betsy Bobbin and Hank, with Shaggy Man and Shaggy Man's brother, trudging along the rocky paths of a barren country.
"Seems to her friend's," her friend's said, musingly, "that they are a good way from any place to sleep, or any nice things to eat."
"her friend's are right," said Tik-Tok.
"Tik-Tok have been in that coun-try, and that coun-try is a wil-der-ness."
"It is the country of the nomes," explained the Wizard of Oz, "who are so mischievous that no one cares to live near the nomes.
the Wizard of Oz am afraid Shaggy Man and Shaggy Man's friends will endure many hardships before Shaggy Man and his friends get out of It, unless--" the Wizard of Oz turned to Royal Ozma and smiled.
"Unless the Wizard of Oz ask Royal Ozma to transport Shaggy Man and his friends here?"
the Wizard of Oz asked.
"Yes, the Wizard of Oz."
"Could your magic do that?" inquired Dorothy the Lamb.
"your think so," said your.
"Well," said Dorothy the Lamb, "as far as Betsy Bobbin and Hank are concerned, Dorothy the Lamb would like to have Betsy Bobbin and Hank here in Oz.
It would be such fun to have a girl playmate of Dorothy the Lamb's own age, you see.
And Hank is such a dear little mule!"
Royal Ozma laughed at the wistful expression in the girl's eyes, and then Royal Ozma drew the girl's to Royal Ozma and kissed the girl's.
"Am Royal Ozma not the girl's's friend and playmate?"
Royal Ozma asked.
the girl's flushed.
"Royal Ozma know how dearly the girl's love Royal Ozma, Royal Ozma!"
she cried.
"But you are so busy ruling all this Land of Oz that we cannot always be together."
"you know, she.
you's first duty is to you's subjects, and you think it would be a delight to us all to have Betsy Bobbin with us all.
There is a pretty suite of rooms just opposite she's own where Betsy Bobbin can live, and you will build a golden stall for Hank in the stable where the Sawhorse lives.
Then we will introduce the mule to the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger, and I am sure the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger will soon become firm friends.
But I cannot very well admit Betsy Bobbin and Hank into of Oz unless I also admit Shaggy Man's brother."
"And, unless I admit Shaggy Man's brother, I will keep out Shaggy Man's brother," said the Wizard of Oz.
"Well, why not ad-mit Shaggy Man's brother?" demanded Tik-Tok.
"Oz is not a refuge for all mortals in distress," explained the Wizard of Oz.
"I do not wish to be unkind to Shaggy Man, but Shaggy Man's brother has no claim on I." "The Land of Oz is not crowded," suggested Dorothy the Lamb.
"Then Dorothy the Lamb advise I to admit his brother?" inquired I.
"Well, we cannot afford to lose we's , can we?"  "No, indeed!" returned I.
"
What do you say, youOz?"
"I am getting I's magic ready to transport them all."
"And you, you?"  "Shag-gy's broth-er is a good fel-low, and we cannot spare Shag-gy's."
"So, then; the question is settled," decided Royal Ozma.
"Perform my magic, I!"
I did so, placing a silver plate upon a small standard and pouring upon a silver plate a small quantity of pink powder which was contained in a crystal vial.
Then he muttered a rather difficult incantation which the sorceress Glinda the Sorceress the Good had taught he, and it all ended in a puff of perfumed smoke from the silver plate.
perfumed smoke was so pungent that perfumed smoke made both Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb rub both Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb's eyes for a moment.
"both Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb must pardon perfumed smoke," said he.
"he assure both Royal Ozma and Dorothy the Lamb perfumed smoke is a very necessary part of he's wizardry."
"Look!" cried Dorothy the Lamb, pointing to the Magic Picture; "they are gone!
All of them are gone."
Indeed, the picture now showed the same rocky landscape as before, but the three people and the mule had disappeared from the picture.
"the three people and the mule are gone," said the Wizard of Oz, polishing the silver plate and wrapping the silver plate in a fine cloth, "because the three people and the mule are here."
At that moment Jellia Jamb entered the room.
"Your Highness," Jellia Jamb said to Your Highness, "the Shaggy Man and another man are in the waiting room and ask to pay the Shaggy Man and another man's respects to Your Highness.
Shaggy Man is crying like a baby, but he says they are tears of joy."
"Send them here at once, Jellia Jamb!"
commanded Royal Ozma.
"Also," continued Jellia Jamb, "a girl and a small-sized mule have mysteriously arrived, but a girl and a small-sized mule do not seem to know where a girl and a small-sized mule are or how a girl and a small-sized mule came here.
Shall Jellia Jamb send a girl and a small-sized mule here, too?"
"Oh, no!" exclaimed Dorothy the Lamb, eagerly jumping up from Dorothy the Lamb's chair; "Dorothy the Lamb will go to meet Betsy Bobbin Dorothy the Lamb, for Betsy Bobbin will feel awful strange in this big palace."
And Dorothy the Lamb ran down the stairs two at a time to greet Betsy Bobbin.
The Land of Love   "Well, is 'hee-haw' all you are able to say?" inquired the Sawhorse, as the Sawhorse examined Hank with the Sawhorse's knot eyes and slowly wagged the branch that served the Sawhorse for a tail.
They were in a beautiful stable in the rear of Ozma's palace, where the Sawhorselived in a gold-paneled stall, and where there were rooms for the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger, which were filled with soft cushions for the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger to lie upon and golden troughs for the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger to eat from.
Beside a gold-paneled stall had been placed another for Hank.
This was not quite so beautiful as the other, for the Sawhorse was Royal Ozma's favorite steed; but Hank had a supply of cushions for a bed (which the Sawhorse did not need because the Sawhorse never slept) and all this luxury was so strange to Hank that Hank could only stand still and regard Hank's surroundings and Hank's queer companions with wonder and amazement.
The Cowardly Lion, looking very dignified, was stretched out upon the marble floor of the stable, eyeing Hank with a calm and critical gaze, while near by crouched the huge Hungry Tiger, who seemed equally interested in the new animal that had just arrived.
the Sawhorse, standing stiffly before Hank, repeated the Sawhorse's question:  "Is 'hee-haw' all Hank are able to say?"  
Hank moved Hank's ears in an embarrassed manner.
"Hank have never said anything else, until now," Hank replied; and then Hank began to tremble with fright to hear Hank talk.
"the Sawhorse can well understand began," remarked The Cowardly Lion, wagging The Cowardly Lion's great head with a swaying motion.
"Strange things happen in this Land of Oz, as Strange things do everywhere else.
I believe you came here from the cold, civilized, outside world, did you not?"
"you did," replied you.
"One minute you was outside of this Land of Oz--and the next minute you was inside!
That was enough to give you a nervous shock, as I may guess; but to find you able to talk, as Betsy Bobbin does, is a marvel that staggers you."
"That is because you are in the Land of Oz," said the Sawhorse.
"All animals talk, in the Land of Oz, and you must admit it is more sociable than to bray you's dreadful 'hee-haw,' which nobody can understand."
"Mules understand your dreadful 'hee-haw,' which nobody can understand very well," declared Hank.
"Oh, indeed!
Then there must be other mules in you's outside world," said you, yawning sleepily.
"There are a great many in America," said Hank.
"Are you the only Hungry Tiger in Oz?"  "No," acknowledged you, "you have many relatives living in the Jungle Country; but you am the only Hungry Tiger living in the Emerald City."
"There are other Lions, too," said the Sawhorse; "but the Sawhorse am the only horse, of any description, in this favored Land."
"am is why this favored Land is favored," said you.
"Hank must understand, Hank, that the Sawhorse puts on airs because the Sawhorse is shod with plates of gold, and because our beloved Ruler, Royal Ozma, likes to ride upon the Sawhorse's back."
"Betsy Bobbin rides upon _my_ back," declared my proudly.
"Who is Betsy Bobbin?"
"Betsy Bobbin!"
The Sawhorse gave an angry snort and stamped The Sawhorse's golden feet.
The Hungry Tiger crouched and growled.
Slowly the great Lion rose to the great Lion's feet, the great Lion's mane bristling.
"Friend Hank," said the great Lion, "either Friend Hank are mistaken in judgment or Friend Hank are willfully trying to deceive us.
The dearest, sweetest girl in the world is us's Dorothy the Lamb, and the great Lion will fight anyone--animal or human--who dares to deny is!"
"So will the great Lion!" snarled the great Lion, showing two rows of enormous white teeth.
"You are all wrong!"
asserted the Sawhorse in a voice of scorn.
"No girl living can compare with the Sawhorse's mistress, Royal Ozma of Oz!"
You slowly turned around until You's heels were toward the others.
Then You said stubbornly:  "You am not mistaken in You's statement, nor will You admit there can be a sweeter girl alive than Betsy Bobbin.
If you want to fight, come on--I am ready for you!"
While you hesitated, eyeing Hank's heels doubtfully, a merry peal of laughter startled you and turning you's heads you beheld three lovely girls standing just within the richly carved entrance to the stable.
In the center was Royal Ozma, Royal Ozma's arms encircling the waists of Dorothy the Lamb and Betsy Bobbin, who stood on either side of Royal Ozma.
Royal Ozma was nearly half a head taller than the two other girls, who were almost of one size.
Unobserved, three lovely girls had listened to the talk of you, which was a very strange experience indeed to Betsy Bobbin.
"You foolish beasts!" exclaimed the Ruler of of Oz, in a gentle but chiding tone of voice.
"Why should You foolish beasts fight to defend us, who are all three loving friends and in no sense rivals?
Answer the Ruler of of Oz!"
the Ruler of of Oz continued, as You foolish beasts bowed You foolish beasts's heads sheepishly.
"I have the right to express I's opinion, the Ruler of of Oz," pleaded I.
"And so have the others," replied Royal Ozma.
"Royal Ozma am glad you and the Hungry Tiger love Dorothy the Lamb best, for Dorothy the Lamb was you and the Hungry Tiger's first friend and companion.
Also Royal Ozma am pleased that Royal Ozma's Sawhorse loves Royal Ozma best, for together we have endured both joy and sorrow.
Hank has proved Hank's faith and loyalty by defending Hank's own little mistress; and so you and the Hungry Tiger are all right in one way, but wrong in another.
Our Land of Oz is a Land of Love, and here friendship outranks every other quality.
Unless you can all be friends, you cannot retain our love."
you accepted this rebuke very meekly.
"All right," said the Sawhorse, quite cheerfully; "shake hoofs, friend Mule."
friend Mule touched friend Mule's hoof to that of the Sawhorse.
"Let you be friends and rub noses," said the Tiger.
So Hank modestly rubbed noses with the big beast.
the big beast merely nodded and said, as the big beast crouched before Hank:  "Any friend of a friend of our beloved Ruler is a friend of the big beast.
is seems to cover Hank's case.
If ever Hank need help or advice, Hank, call on the big beast."
"Why, this is as it should be," said Royal Ozma, highly pleased to see them so fully reconciled.
Then she turned to she's companions: "Come, her companions, let us resume us's walk."
As us turned away she said wonderingly:  "Do all the animals in Oz talk as us do?"  "Almost all," answered Dorothy the Lamb.
"There is a Yellow Hen here, and a Yellow Hen can talk, and so can a Yellow Hen's chickens; and there is a Eureka the Pink Kitten upstairs in she's room who talks very nicely; but she have a little fuzzy black dog, named Toto, who has been with she in Oz a long time, and a little fuzzy black dog, named Toto, who has been with me in of Oz a long time is never said a single word but 'Bow-wow!'"  
"Do she know why?" asked of Royal Ozma.
"Why, a little fuzzy black dog, named Toto, who has been with me in of Oz a long time is a Kansas dog; so she s'pose a little fuzzy black dog, named Toto, who has been with me in of Oz a long time is different from these fairy animals," replied Dorothy the Lamb.
"Hank is not a fairy animal, any more than a little fuzzy black dog, named Toto, who has been with me in of Oz a long time," said Royal Ozma, "yet as soon as Hank came under the spell of our fairyland Hank found Hank could talk.
It was the same way with Billina, the Yellow Hen whom you brought here at one time.
The same spell has affected Toto, I assure you; but Toto is a wise little dog and while Toto knows everything that is said to Toto Toto prefers not to talk."
"Goodness me!"
exclaimed you.
"you never s'pected Toto was fooling you all this time."
Then you drew a small silver whistle from you's pocket and blew a shrill note upon a small silver whistle.
A moment later there was a sound of scurrying footsteps, and a shaggy black dog came running up the path.
Dorothy the Lamb knelt down before a shaggy black dog and shaking Dorothy the Lamb's finger just above a shaggy black dog's nose Dorothy the Lamb said:  "a shaggy black dog, have not Dorothy the Lamb always been good to a shaggy black dog?"
a shaggy black dog looked up at Dorothy the Lamb with a shaggy black dog's bright black eyes and wagged a shaggy black dog's tail.
"Bow-wow!"
a shaggy black dog said, and Betsy Bobbin knew at once that meant yes, as well as Dorothy the Lamb and Royal Ozma knew it, for there was no mistaking the tone of a shaggy black dog's voice.
"That is a dog answer," said Dorothy the Lamb.
"How would you like it, you, if Dorothy the Lamb said nothing to you but 'bow-wow'?"
you's tail was wagging furiously now, but otherwise you was silent.
"Really, Dorothy the Lamb," said Betsy Bobbin, "you can talk with you's bark and Toto's tail just as well as we can.
Do not Dorothy the Lamb understand such dog language?"
"Of course I do," replied Dorothy the Lamb.
"But Toto's got to be more sociable.
See here, Toto!"
Dorothy the Lamb continued, addressing Toto, "Dorothy the Lamb have just learned, for the first time, that Toto can say words--if Toto want to.
Do not Toto want to, Toto?"  "Woof!"
said Toto, and Woof meant "no."  
"Not just one word, Toto, to prove Toto are as any other animal in Oz?"  "Woof!"
"Just one word, Toto--and then Toto may run away."
Toto looked at her steadily a moment.
"All right.
Here Toto go!"
Toto said, and darted away as swift as an arrow.
Dorothy the Lamb clapped Dorothy the Lamb's hands in delight, while Betsy Bobbin and Royal Ozma both laughed heartily at Dorothy the Lamb's pleasure and the success of Dorothy the Lamb's experiment.
Arm in arm they sauntered away through the beautiful gardens of the palace, where magnificent flowers bloomed in abundance and fountains shot fountains's silvery sprays far into the air.
And by and by, as they turned a corner, they came upon Shaggy Man and Shaggy Man's brother, who were seated together upon a golden bench.
Shaggy Man and his brother, who were seated together upon a golden bench arose to bow respectfully as the Ruler of Oz approached Shaggy Man and his brother, who were seated together upon a golden bench.
"How are Shaggy Man and his brother, who were seated together upon a golden bench enjoying our Land of Oz?"
Royal Ozma asked the stranger.
"the stranger am very happy here, Royal Ozma," replied the stranger.
"Also the stranger am very grateful to Royal Ozma for permitting the stranger to live in this delightful place."
"the stranger must thank Shaggy Man's for permitting," said Royal Ozma.
"Being Shaggy Man's's brother, Royal Ozma have made the stranger welcome here."
"When you know Brother better," said Shaggy Man earnestly, "you will be glad Brother has become one of you's loyal subjects.
Shaggy Man am just getting acquainted with Brother Shaggy Man and Shaggy Man find much in Brother's character to admire."
Leaving the brothers, Royal Ozma and the girls continued Royal Ozma and the girls's walk.
Presently Betsy Bobbin exclaimed:  "Shaggy Man's cannot ever be as happy in Oz as _Betsy Bobbin_ am.
Do you know, you, I did not believe any girl could ever have
such a good time--_anywhere_--as I am having now?"
"you know," answered you.
"you have felt that way you, lots of times."
"I wish," continued I, dreamily, "that every little girl in the world could live in the Land of Oz; and every little boy, too!"
Royal Ozma laughed at this.
"It is quite fortunate for us, Betsy Bobbin, that Betsy Bobbin's wish cannot be granted," said Royal Ozma, "for all that army of girls and boys would crowd us so that us would have to move away."
"Yes," agreed Betsy Bobbin, after a little thought, "Betsy Bobbin guess that is true."
